2003 EL61 in the 12 houses of the horoscope.
1.
Conflict arises from impatient creative energy bursting up. One is rebuked towards better planning. Patience and modesty are the hallmark of a great man while boasting is for the braggart. Working overtime requires careful planning. Legal trouble lurks at the end of the way. Don’t jump into the abyss this time around, it would swallow you like some evil Egyptian god Apep. Don’t get assimilated.
The matrix has you. Corporate monopoly destroys individual contribution. One feels digested by multinational interests. The creative and original is made to feel small.
Conflict between father and mother, individual and authority, the cruel world and one’s childhood dreams. One’s environment demands strict discipline in petty things, proposing boring life, while one’s inner world expands into eternal beauty. One has much to offer but the world seems not ready at all for truth loving self-examination as well as global racial initiation. On fights for truth in the age of Kali, surrounded by lie and the devil.
2.
The morning can’t wait for the evening. A singing array of marching ants shows enthusiasm of early work well done. Highways are built to help business organization. Planning is excellent along with a secret quality of clairvoyance. One learns to predict financial success. A successful campaign is something to glorify through opera.
3.
Attention turns inwards as outer opposition becomes unbearable. One is one’s own source. It is difficult to communicate. The communication lines may be broken. Karmic wars shake inner communication channels with one’s own private Godhead.
4.
We are still in time to wait and plan carefully, like in the case of the 1st house. There is still some danger ahead, but if we plan with perfect timing, we can finally relax and take a vacation.
The boy has grown and wants to move but one’s juvenile moods thwart serious action. God-centered meditation is favored much as in the 3rd house.
5.
Lovers will come together of their own accord. It is best not to chase anyone. 2003 EL61 is madly anxious towards contact the better for people to come of their own accord and display a distinctly complying attitude.
6.
Th financial enthusiasm of the 2nd house makes us enter the dark monetary forest in the 6th house. A gingerbread house may be seen through the dubious curtain made of dollars. This may as well be the Devil’s own stock exchange. The mansard covered with cakes may be the witches hut. Know the forest and get a detailed road map with reliable compass if you are about to visit your financial grandmother.
7.
Kiss the bride and be happy ever after! The star walker has reached the core of his private universe as kissed by lady luck. The pilgrim’s progress is met by success. Marriage is sincere. The kiss joins void with void, symbolizing eternal sincerity.
8.
There’s a sinister side to us all. Man feels like having a left body as separate from a right body. Mysterious powers lurk in our left realm. Venture into the world of occult powers with discipline, a perfect guide and method. You will learn to tame demons. 2003 EL61 warns against temporary madness in the 8th house of your horoscope. Communion follows separation from the light. Illumination is like a lightning in the night.
9.
All the love of the holy guardian angel is there for you and your prosperity. This is a most happy position of 2003 EL61 in any horoscope. When love meets obstacle persist in receiving unexpected help. Divination will be favorable. You will hear of good as well as truthful omens. Lovers unite through the barricades. A just cause wins. The 9th house is the house of the guardian angel, guru and god. Have one love, one God and one good omen. In horary astrology you will succeed in whatever pursuit, especially in love, politics, stock market, pregnancy, fertility matters, immaculate truthfulness and war.
10.
The position is favorable for traveling along the meridian, export-import business and religious matters. South is the direction of the meridian to which this house pertains. War is not favorable. A businessman flying over or dealing with war areas may lose one’s life.
There’s fair chance of gain and prosperity even in being a bit overconfident. Donations to a religious cause relieve selfish worries from one’s heart.
11.
Spiritual guides get active under this portent. The angels are either busy with the nativity or actually manifest, perhaps as dancing Indians with holy plumage. Marriage is favorable in eternity. One may retreat from the world after and with fair spiritual success.

The 11th house is the house of true love and in this case spiritual love.
12.
Thus is the best position for our dwarf planet. The creative energies triumph in illumination. The 12th house is the house of the rising sun as well as “moksha” or liberation. False ego leaves not to come back as man’s creative energies are unleashed, reaching eternity. One is one the way to great success as well as deification of one’s person and efforts. The occultist will not only meet god but become one.
The 12th house is above the horizon, while the 2nd house is sinking into the world of matter and below the horizon.
Copyright © 2006 by Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. Web site http://www.lulu.com/astrology Add to Chart Publications. Klaudio Zic can be reached via e-mail iau28@yahoo.co.uk for consultation as well as special service and publication.The Precessed Ascendant and Astronomic Zodiac are Copyright © 1996 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic. The X Zodiac is Copyright © 2005 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic. 2003 UB313, Sedna, Orcus, Quaoar, Ixion, Varuna and all TNO delineation are Copyright © 1995 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic. The Night and Day 12/24 House System is Copyright © 1999 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic, Pats. Pend. The delineation for Wild, C/2004 Q2 (Machholz) and recent centaurs are Copyright © 2004 – 2006 by Klaudio Zic. The 2006 HW51 materials are © 2006 by Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. The Personal Cosmic Secretary is © 2005 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic. O5 is © 1987 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic. True Mind Distiller/SnowCrash are © 1996 - 2006 by Klaudio Zic.