
 Orcus Delineation in the 12 Houses (long file 222 Kb).

 This is an "old" delineation, links may be outdated.

 Please use http://neodruid.tk , as well as:

 SMS +385911528964 reprogramatrix@gawab.com

 http://users.tmok.com/~tarant8l /2005 /HydraKids

 The article and website contain precise astronomical
 positions of the minor planets and thus disassociate
 from sunsign or "12 Signs" astrological superstition.

 http://neodruid.tk /orcus (original delineation 2004 DW)
 http://neodruid.tk /iau /orcus1 /orcus2 /orcus3 /orcus4

 Hydra Kids
 ===== ==== 

 Orcus is a large object that could be rising in your
 daughter's horoscope in a couple of years. "Hydra kids"
 will be born with Venus+Orcus ascending in Hydra. Venus
 in Hydra at the ascendant is already too kundalinic to
 handle, with Orcus it's too wunderkindish to touch.

 Astrology basics for novices. The zodiac and present epoch
 ascendants. The U.S.A. has both the ecliptical and equatorial
 ascendant in Ophiucus. Sun is in Ophiucus is also the current
 position as I write this Nov 16th, as well as natal position
 of a recent presidentioal candidate. Studying Ophiucus at this
 time means tracking Mercury direct in Scorpius > Ophiucus >
 Scorpius > Ophiucus, then looping conjunct New Moon in Ophiucus
 and Ixion, Quaoar (plus a centaur) in Ophiucus, as well as
 Pluto in Serpens Cauda. With mars in Ophiucus this is not
 exactly a peaceful time for the U.S.A. and the world.

 ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=AA=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY

* Precessional Ascendants = which of these is yours?
                                    =====
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk

 Virgo          Serpens=Cap+Cau  Ophiucus       Aquila          Aquarius
 Pisces         Cetus            Taurus         Eridanus        Orion
 Monoceros      Canis_Minor      Hydra          Sextans         Leo

* True Astronomical Zodiac

 Aquarius      Aries    Auriga  Bootes   Cancer   Canis Minor  Capricornus
 Cetus         Coma B.  Corvus  Crater   Eridanus Gemnini      Hydra
 Leo Minor     Leo      Libra   Ophiucus Orion    Pegasus      Pisces
 Sagittarius   Scorpius Scutum  Serpens  Sextans  Taurus       Virgo              

 Since Venus transits Sextans before entering Hydra,
 it is possible to have Sextans ascending with Venus+Orcus
 in Sextans. This is odysseying through dangerous solitary
 rocks. A solitary siren. Inorganic beings surely enjoy
 this position. many inorganic beings initiate the magus
 into astrology and are incorporated, sigil and incantation,
 within every good horoscope. Elipinon bless your research!

 Note that you can be born with Venus in Leo and have a
 secondary Venus in Sextans progression. Extrazodiacal
 progressions also affect one's life course. 

 A large amount of articles about Venus in Hydra (also
 Venus and Chariklo in Corvus, Crater, Sextans, ...) is
 readily available from the site, newsgroup and USENET.

 Convenient comparison is enabled, as well as encouraged
 between Sedna in Cetus and Orcus in Hydra. Both Cetus and
 Hydra are zodiacal, as well as (currently!) ascendental
 constellations. Pluto c/o rules with Sedna in Cetus.
 Contrary to any misconception, Pluto never enters Pisces
 or Aries, and thus cannot rule in Aries, since it is never
 there. Orcus in Sextans has been delineated as next position.
 Sedna, like Pluto, enters Taurus after it's long Cetus sojourn.

 Let us clear out for novices that Hydra and Sextans are
 both zodiacal and ascendental constellations. While the
 zodiacal set of 28 constellation does not change (for all
 practical purposes), the ascendental sets _do_ change with
 epoch. _Some_ constellations can (in an appropriate epoch)
 thus be _both_ ascendental _and_ zodiacal. This is not at
 all neccesary so, since many extrazodiacal constellations
 rise both at this and other epoch. This subject has been
 largely demonstrated in various epochs and on various plane(t)s.

 True Astronomical Zodiac & Ascendants http://neodruid.tk
 Your Scientifical Astronomical Zodiac and Precessed Ascendants
 by Klaudio Zic, Copyright (C) 1996-2005, all rights reserved.

 Orcus and Earth Trojans http://neodruid.tk /iau /Orcus 2002 AA29

 Various yearly angular conjunctions of Orcus and 2002 AA29 are
 shown in the above directory. What happens when the two conjunct
 marks a critical point in the development of world affairs with
 massive interest in the inspection of the situation at hand. In
 other words events of global interest happen, like oil shortage
 or new discoveries as defined by experts. Whatever situation is
 involved, the graph will show a critical angle when this angular
 conjunction happens. Not many (if any) astrological programs will
 show this, but loading the objects into astrolog program with -XF
 switch will give some idea. 2002 AA29 could cause problems in
 integration-interpolation within some astrological programs. 

 The simscans show the other trojan moon of planet Earth, Cruithne.
 Hundreds of megabytes of trojan material survived last site cleanup.
 Sit back and click on "3 moons meet" after a couple of minutes. 

 As 2002 AA29 often shows mass movement, the picture is of a horde
 of orcs marching by a subterranean river, like in Moria. In real
 life (if available) this means a large upheaval, enhanced checkup
 of air harbors, religious convergence, the swelling of the 12
 cricial points on planet Earth, even critical rising of the tides.

 Amazing Features of Your Natal Chart - 2600 Astrology

 Orco dio! = An appendix to Orcus ( 2004 DW ) Delineation

 Orcus in Sextans http://neodruid.tk /orcus /iau /orcus /2004DW

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved.http://neodruid.tk /iau

 In 2007 Venus enters Hydra from Sextans constellation while
 Orcus enters Sextans and 2002 AW197 enters Hydra. We have
 already published "Venus in Hydra" and "2002 AW197 in Hydra"
 on USENET http://groups.google.com with a short comment for
 2004 DW now Orcus. The name seems to allude to a watermonster
 (Hydra is a water snake or shumerian Tiamat, Sextans is one
 of the Tiamat's demons or ministers), but Orcus in Sextans is
 (you guessed it) a rather sober position, after all.

 The true astronomical positions: http://neodruid.tk /iau/orcus1

 Orca in Sextans will have the following  flavor when it happens.
 This is a legislative "law and order" position, also VOX POPVLI
 as democracy overtakes new countries. An important space shuttle
 reaches it's orbit. Immigration laws are revised. Governmental
 works are favored. The position is rather valuable in finantial
 astrology or at least professional astrology as it spells large
 sums of money (2002 Aw197 makes for enormous success in real
 estate). Orca in Sextans is about posessive love, orkish way,
 that is not very elegant or too noble, indeed. Orcus is often
 invoked in Italy, the saying is "Orco dio", an exclamation of
 surprise. With Venus in Sextans (Hydra) and centaur Okyrhoe
 and aided by the Moon, when prominent, this inert position can
 become one of the unwilling Casanova. Girls adore the fellow
 but does he know it? Mountain climbing, fishing and holding
 hands like good children keep together. Let us not forget that
 yacht business comes under the auspice of Sextans. Sextans is
 zodiacal as well as ascendental, thus one can have Venus in
 Sextans on the ascendant, as well as Orcus in Sextans rising.

 http://neodruid.tk /orcus1 http://neodruid.tk /sedna /orcus

 (TO BE CONTINUED)

 Your astrological programs fools you. Knew that? Check the example of
 "Capricorn ascending" where one can clearly see it's Pisces rising
 on the eastern horizon. Such was the poor state of "reliable"
 popular websites, "astrological literature" and reliable "pro"
 astrological programs. And that's only one example of the trade.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved.http://neodruid.tk /iau

   One recent client claimed CAPRICORN ascending, so I had to drag
   her to witness her TRUE SKIES, only to see PISCES rising in due
   east at birth. I told her to forget "astrology" and concentrate on
   her skies as they were, not astrological fancy and misconception. 
   Compare results here: http://neodruid.tk /iau/capisces

 How to order your Subject:TRUE HOROSCOPE? Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 SMS +393343182775 Voice mail +38591701528964
 http://neodruid.tk   news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved.http://neodruid.tk /iau

 This article is NOT approved by TROPICAL ASTROLOGY.

*Precessional Ascendants = which of these is yours?
                                    =====
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk

 Virgo          Serpens=Cap+Cau  Ophiucus       Aquila          Aquarius
 Pisces         Cetus            Taurus         Eridanus        Orion
 Monoceros      Canis_Minor      Hydra          Sextans         Leo

* True Astronomical Zodiac http://neodruid.tk /iau Astrology=Astronomy

 Aquarius      Aries    Auriga  Bootes   Cancer   Canis Minor  Capricornus
 Cetus         Coma B.  Corvus  Crater   Eridanus Gemnini      Hydra
 Leo Minor     Leo      Libra   Ophiucus Orion    Pegasus      Pisces
 Sagittarius   Scorpius Scutum  Serpens  Sextans  Taurus       Virgo              

 Astrology was never so simple. Download natal sky as it is!

 Get your correct map before dusk.

 ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY=THE SKY IS THE HOROSCOPE=ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY

 ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=AA=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY

PROTECT YOUR NATAL DATA from false astrology. http://neodruid.tk

 Take your skies back! Regain your original natal settings along
 with the ability to change any of your futures for the best now.

 How to order your Subject:TRUE SKY CHART? Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 SMS +393343182775 Voice mail +38591701528964
 http://neodruid.tk   news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=AA=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY

PROTECT YOUR NATAL DATA from false astrology. http://neodruid.tk

 If the map is wrong, the way is wrong.

 If the way is wrong, your life fails.

 Get the correct map before dusk.

 Download natal skies as they are.

 Astrologers know nothing of their own natal positions. In leaving
 them to their delusions, unroll your sky charts to inner wonders
 discovering Venus in Hydra, Sun in Ophiucus, Pluto in Leo Minor,
 Moon in Auriga, Sedna in Cetus, Chariklo in Lupus, comet Wild in
 Cetus, Crater ascending, Stargate on the meridian, Lamia rising.

  Which eastern ascendant is yours?

  MONOCEROS Initiative, leadership, daring, inspiration, charm.

  HYDRA Occult, channeling, mediumship, unraveling mysteries.

  CETUS Laughing true mind, testing Pinocchio or neophyte.

  OPHIUCUS U.S.A. ascendant, Kelly Sun, Kundalinic mother Eve.

  AQUILA Sails able to host a family, fly high and strong.

  ERIDANUS The true guru is the root of safe flight.

  ORION Transcendental, afterlife, Dalai Lama (Mintaka) asc.

  Astrologies may be different, the skies are one.

PROTECT YOUR NATAL DATA from false astrology. http://neodruid.tk

 ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=AA=ASTROLOGY=ASTRONOMY=ASTROLOGY

* Precessional Ascendants = which of these is yours?
                                    =====
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk

 Virgo          Serpens=Cap+Cau  Ophiucus       Aquila          Aquarius
 Pisces         Cetus            Taurus         Eridanus        Orion
 Monoceros      Canis_Minor      Hydra          Sextans         Leo

* True Astronomical Zodiac

 Aquarius      Aries    Auriga  Bootes   Cancer   Canis Minor  Capricornus
 Cetus         Coma B.  Corvus  Crater   Eridanus Gemnini      Hydra
 Leo Minor     Leo      Libra   Ophiucus Orion    Pegasus      Pisces
 Sagittarius   Scorpius Scutum  Serpens  Sextans  Taurus       Virgo              

 How to order your Subject:TRUE SKY CHART? Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 SMS +393343182775 Voice mail +38591701528964
 http://neodruid.tk   news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk

PROTECT YOUR NATAL DATA from false astrology. http://neodruid.tk


 The dawning of Astrology is scheduled for year 2600, but
 why await the Age of Aquarius? Get your true nativity now!

 Astrological Services - Detect and Change Future Events

 ALL THE LOVES IN YOUR LIFE

 Untimely romance can affect your life. Get perfect timing
 for your true love, know when time is right making astral
 energies cooperate for best results. Have a loving future
 using O5 and PCS with power mantras. Create your future!

 True Astronomical Zodiac & Ascendants http://neodruid.tk

 Your Scientifical Astronomical Zodiac and Precessed Ascendants
 by Klaudio Zic, Copyright (C) 1996-2005, all rights reserved.

 HOROSCOPE

 A horoscope is an accurate map of your natal skies. We copy
 your natal skies exactly as they were, for greater accuracy.

 TIMING

 Timing events gives you the impetus, as well the time to recollect
 for an eficacious move. Strike at the right time, retreat when times
 are less promising. Timing is crucial in business, sport, lottery,
 family affairs, real estate, stock exchange, dating, love affairs,
 marriage, politics, education, exams, initiation, hunting, fishing
 and every life project you may find yourself engaged at this time.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 Your scientifical astronomical horoscope Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5

 TRUE ZODIAC

 True astronomical zodiac is used for accurate scanning of the
 natal chart and progressions. This exclusive feature is unique
 on the World Wide Web. The astronomical zodiac is an IAU compatible
 set of 28 constellations. Babies born Aug 4th 2004 have Moon in
 Cetus, Mercury in Sextans, Venus in Orion and Juno in Scutum.
 Original personalized delineations coupled with scientifical
 precision. Scientificaly guided astromagical approach.   

 PRECESSED ASCENDANT

 Another exclusive feature is the use of the precession corrected
 set of ascendants. Are you a Sextans loner, Monoceros leader or
 hydra mystic? Plan a baby? It might be born with Hydra ascending
 plus largest asteroid Orcus conjunct Venus in Hydra constellation.

 CENTAURS

 Objects of the same class of Chiron. Passionate delineations.
 Chariklo is Chiron's centauress partner, larger than Chiron.
 Pholus, Nessus, Hylonome, Asbolus + this year's discoveries
 like the White Centaur 2004 PY42. Rich original delineations.

 TRANSNEPTUNIAN  CUBEWANO  PLUTINO  SDO  OORT CLOUD OBJECTS

 Copious delienation of Varuna, Ixion, Quaoar, Orcus, Sedna in
 houses and aspects. Prominent transneptunian objects positively
 affect your natal horoscope. Get the delineation from the source!

 EARTH MOONS

 Earth trojan moons are important in chart analysis. Exclusive
 analysis of our auxillary moons Cruithne, 2002 AA29 and 200 PH5.

 COMETS

 NEAT and Wild comets. Original delineation. 

 LILIT VERA

 True Lilith, an object observed by Cassini (Jupiter spots) and
 Piccioli. Atavistic sex drive. Black arts. Sexy delineations.

 DARKPLANETS

 An experimental set of 17 hypotheticals. colorful delineations.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 Your scientifical astronomical horoscope Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5


 Orcus http://neodruid.tk /orcus http://neodruid.tk /iau

 What does it portend when Orcus and Saturn set at the same
 time? These days long range missiles are being prepared
 perhaps for the time when Mars enters Ophiucus. What will
 be labeled "punitive expedition" can become religious war.

 Compare Orcus delineation in houses http://neodruid.tk /orcus

 Orcus in Hydra & Sextans: http://neodruid.tk /iau /orcus4 

 Amazing Features of Your Natal Chart - 2600 Astrology

 The dawning of Astrology is scheduled for year 2600, but
 why await the Age of Aquarius? Get your true nativity now!

 Astrological Services - Detect and Change Future Events

 ALL THE LOVES IN YOUR LIFE

 Untimely romance can affect your life. Get perfect timing
 for your true love, know when time is right making astral
 energies cooperate for best results. Have a loving future
 using O5 and PCS with power mantras. Create your future!

 True Astronomical Zodiac & Ascendants http://neodruid.tk

 Your Scientifical Astronomical Zodiac and Precessed Ascendants
 by Klaudio Zic, Copyright (C) 1996-2005, all rights reserved.

 HOROSCOPE

 A horoscope is an accurate map of your natal skies. We copy
 your natal skies exactly as they were, for greater accuracy.

 TIMING

 Timing events gives you the impetus, as well the time to recollect
 for an eficacious move. Strike at the right time, retreat when times
 are less promising. Timing is crucial in business, sport, lottery,
 family affairs, real estate, stock exchange, dating, love affairs,
 marriage, politics, education, exams, initiation, hunting, fishing
 and every life project you may find yourself engaged at this time.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 Your scientifical astronomical horoscope Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5

 TRUE ZODIAC

 True astronomical zodiac is used for accurate scanning of the
 natal chart and progressions. This exclusive feature is unique
 on the World Wide Web. The astronomical zodiac is an IAU compatible
 set of 28 constellations. Babies born Aug 4th 2004 have Moon in
 Cetus, Mercury in Sextans, Venus in Orion and Juno in Scutum.
 Original personalized delineations coupled with scientifical
 precision. Scientificaly guided astromagical approach.   

 PRECESSED ASCENDANT

 Another exclusive feature is the use of the precession corrected
 set of ascendants. Are you a Sextans loner, Monoceros leader or
 hydra mystic? Plan a baby? It might be born with Hydra ascending
 plus largest asteroid Orcus conjunct Venus in Hydra constellation.

 CENTAURS

 Objects of the same class of Chiron. Passionate delineations.
 Chariklo is Chiron's centauress partner, larger than Chiron.
 Pholus, Nessus, Hylonome, Asbolus + this year's discoveries
 like the White Centaur 2004 PY42. Rich original delineations.

 TRANSNEPTUNIAN  CUBEWANO  PLUTINO  SDO  OORT CLOUD OBJECTS

 Copious delienation of Varuna, Ixion, Quaoar, Orcus, Sedna in
 houses and aspects. Prominent transneptunian objects positively
 affect your natal horoscope. Get the delineation from the source!

 EARTH MOONS

 Earth trojan moons are important in chart analysis. Exclusive
 analysis of our auxillary moons Cruithne, 2002 AA29 and 200 PH5.

 COMETS

 NEAT and Wild comets. Original delineation. 

 LILIT VERA

 True Lilith, an object observed by Cassini (Jupiter spots) and
 Piccioli. Atavistic sex drive. Black arts. Sexy delineations.

 DARKPLANETS

 An experimental set of 17 hypotheticals. colorful delineations.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, All Rights Reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 Your scientifical astronomical horoscope Mail: repogramatrix@gawab.com
 By SMS +385911528964 news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5


 Sedna and Orcus in the 12 houses, with commentaries.
 Updated August 1st 2004 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 This Sedna update contains an interesting as well as interlinking
 note on Orcus on the western horizon in Hydra.

 http://neodruid.tk http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved.

 Sedna is a strangely moonless object discovered in November
 2003 and simply classified as "centaur". Albeit not a planet,
 the object is the largest of the "oortoid" discoveries. We
 are almost sure we have entered Oort's cloud, past the Kuiper
 Belt. Sedna is thus the first transneptunian object that is
 not a KBO or Kuiper Belt Object (roughly speaking).

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna

 Sedna and the Energy Body
+
 The energy body is a distant life cluster pertaining to our
 Self. On that line we are made of a "distant" energy body,
 _plus_ our light coocoon. This stuff has nothing to do with
 auras, souls and overabundant allpresent secondhand fancy.
 
 Sedna stands for the energy body slowly getting closer to 
 our light coocoon. The energy body is distant and rarely
 near, except with shamans and alike powerful beings.

 When the energy body gets nearer, nature communicates with(in)
 us e.g. as some speak to majikal animals.  
 
 Sedna's majikanimals abound from astral dolphins, whales,
 crocodiles (Mako) to diving cO5monauts. NEMO in his neoNautilus
 oversees astral marvel from his control lodge. 

 Did you know Sedna pilots the crocodile of your local Green Man?
 See under "Sedna in the 10th House" as you become neoastrologer. 

 Sedna for Neodruids = A Complete Sedna Delineation for O5 PCS
 VirtPet Initiates http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/pcs 

 Felt something May 29th 2004? 

 Be therefore invited to Sedna delineation!

 Sedna has been updated, along with Orcus, see "Sedna in 
 the 12 Houses" below. A large introduction has been added
 for the benefit of incipient astrologers. This includes
 IAU compatible zodiac, the correct zodiac of 28 constellations
 (we split Serpens in two, so 29), equatorial or due eastern
 ascendant (so you finally know where your 7th house stands)
 and a variety of puns, guidelines and possibly new concepts
 such as cubewano, plutino, centaur, comet, trojan a.s.o..

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights (and wrongs) reserved. 

 Mercury conjunct Sedna means isolation, victory for the avatar,
 high temperature, fires, a punitive campaign, especially when
 on the meridian. Mercury brings news from afar, and Sedna is 
 afar. But it also invites the devils, or inorganic beings, 
 life forms we simply don't know how to handle, except if we
 are one of the few talented majikians on this planet. 

                           http://www.lava.net/~pagios

 The minimum angular separation between Mercury and Sedna happens
 May 29th 2004 at 14:03:10 , London. 

 Sedna   Ecl. Long.  048.5383 Ecl. Lat. -11.7372 	
 Mercury Ecl. Long.  047.7408 Ecl. Lat. -02.3542

						 Distance 9.4 degrees.

 Yes it's moonrise with Chariklo in Crater, in Venice, Italy.
 The Moon on the equator is with Rhadamanthus on the ecliptic,
 both ascendantants Virgo. Phoebe (Saturn's moon) and Elatus
 (centaur) conjunct with Varuna (cubewano) and Mars in Gemini. 

 2003 QD112 and Cruithne (Earth's trojan moon in Cetus) 
 are on the western horizon with 1996 TO66 hovering and
 challenging Hidalgo (in Cetus). Thereus and Bienor with
 Talos bracket the western horizon. 

 Welcome to Sedna delineation. Our last check dismisses it's
 status as planet or "oortoid", since the object is still 
 classified as centaur. Long shot but centaur. 

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /sedna repogramatrix@gawab.com
 
 When Mercury and Sedna conjunct, crisis happens to the sensitive,
 as well as inner clearing. The call of the unknown becomes unbearable.
 Infinity presses upon the shaman boy. Become one and learn how to
 calculate a conjunction. The first thing to do is removing the
 astrological program from your life.

 Mercury transports Sedna energy to the dangerous spot at the top
 of one's temple (falsely known as cakra). Hell opens. Hell is a 
 place, inorganic kingdom so-to-say. Inorganic energy enters this
 world via one's temple on it's vampire errand. The inorganic scout
 takes the energy it can. One may fall ill, attempt suicide, stray
 away, have high temperature. People without shields especially
 "suffer" such transits. The "mad" are holy to Sedna.

 Let this point be taken into account when western medicine
 decides to become a decent, if not serious, science.

 The birth of Asterology has 2003 VS2 (in Perseus) conjunct
 Phaethon and Mercury in Aries and Sedna in Cetus. Now what is

 Sedna?

 For Sedna in the 7th, 6th, 12th, as well as 1st house, note
 that we use the equatorial ascendant, thus a planet above the
 horizon is observable, while the one below the horizon is not.

 Note that astrological programs don't take this into account,
 thus adding up to the already massive legacy of miscalculation
 and general desorientation in what goes under astrology even to
 this day. Sedna has been delineated in it's position, which is
 Cetus constellation. Orcus has been delineated in Hydra.

 Hydra and Cetus are both zodiacal constellations, thus we have
 Venus in Hydra or in Cetus. The delineations are on the site, as
 well as posted to usenet newsgroups. http://groups.google.com

 Sedna is being moonless which puzzles the scientists. The nature
 of the first large oortoid (minor) planet remains a mistery!!!

 IAU Compatible Astrology http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/IAU

 Note that anyone assuming Sedna is "in Taurus" is dramatically
 wrong and off the mark. It would be worse than assuming Spica
 Virginis is in Libra. You don't have to think or be an astrologer
 to conclude Alpha Virginis is in Virgo. Where else?

 Note that people with strangely miscalculated charts tend to
 believe Spica Virginis is in Libra and worse. General errors 
 from "authoritative" sites will miscalculate everything, from 
 your (and theirs) own natal ascendant to the Moon's position.

 "Relieble" sources miscalculate ephemeris, misplace planets 
 and have it all messed up. Take for instance a couple of such
 "authoritioes" as Alan Leo or Dane Rudhyar (see their charts
 corrected on the site, link below). The errors may be overlooked
 by non-predictional astrologers and casual horoscope makers, 
 since for their purposes minutes of arc or even degrees do
 not make any difference (if anything does). The matter is not
 so complex but the state of mind of the average astrological 
 onlooker is miserable (the voladero mind install or devil's
 mind). Whether a planet above the eastern horizon is or is 
 not in the first house is a question generally disliked by
 "professional" astrologers. The sad fate of such multiplying
 fellowships of experts is arrays of miscalculated material.
 Not that it would be much better with precise positions.
 
 An astrologer today does not know what to make of "Sedna in 
 Cetus" (not to speak of Orcus in Hydra) or Moon in Auriga
 or Venus in Scutum, or Sun in Ophiucus. Such "asstrollogy"
 as practiced today has to be eradicated for our race to
 survive 2012. Thus the neodruid transitional subcultureligion.

 One will say Asterology was born with Orcus ascending and
 Sedna M.C.. and so it may look to the onlooker. The truth is
 Eunomia was rising (with Orcus) in Hydra. Eunomia is a large
 main belt asteroid no astrological program has (although it has
 a minor chunk such as Juno). 19998 BU48 is closer to the horizon
 than 2001 BL41 (in Sextans, a zodiacal constellation, as well). 

 There is no need to introduce comets, scan the western horizon
 and debate on the centaurs and various types of objects at this
 point. The only thing that one has to doubt is his own astrological
 program (especially the expensive fancy one), not to mention absurd
 web sites that pass as "authoritative", but in fact have nothing
 more to say about Sedna or anything than Yahoo has.

 To have your positions wrong and misconceptions alligned I especially
 reccomend the most trusted sites. Your Moon will surely be out of   constellation of course miscalculated by a sheer degree, your ascendant 
 your ascendant will be missed by house, direction and orientation
 (say 20 degrees average will do), your Sun will be in the wrong   constellation (that includes vedic, jyotish and sidereal experts)
 and your Sedna will be an Inuit-Yahoo product.

 A degree means a year in directional astrology, so every minute of
 arc counts if you want your life to have some excellent timing. 
 Meet the wrong person and have Neptune in 7th instead of 6th using
 trusted and popular sites with Inuit astrologers who know everything
 about every tribe a new planet is born in, just for you. 

 About the most hillarious array of nonsensei is one little magazine
 very popular with smiling vedic astrologers, called the Mutant   Astrologer. The mag and site announced the "entrance of Jupiter
 in Cancer" (at least as their math would have it) as the most
 happy year for the U.S.A. a couple of months later WTC happened. 

 These are the folks you will continue to trust because you know and
 they know and everybody knows Madonna is a great artist and sells.

 Simple horoscopes and nonsense will sell and completely illiterate
 people will harrypotter you wearing big marcharing spectacles for
 your amusement and comfort. All will be fine in the U.S.A.. Jupiter
 is in Cancer. They hardly know what Jupiter looks like and where 
 Cancer (or any _proper_ constellation Jupiter happens to find itself
 in) is. But the Earth is square, excuse me this distraction.  

 The proof I'm right is that you who read this will continue using
 astrodatabanks and easy access online web programs for your first
 and possibly advanced astro training. you will never doubt the heap
 of nonsense written by "authoritative" astrologers, their lodges and
 (hillarious) "institutes". Worse, they will "inform" you about mayan
 and inuit astrology. Plug in that inuit thing into your big expensive
 horoscope and palm reader and enjoy the splashing matrix of nonsensei. 

 But we promised a delineation here for times when man will walk
 this planet.

 Sedna

 While it is possible that Sedna has an unusual type of companion,
 her aloof position seems ideal for far reaching propaganda the way
 Missionaria Protectiva of the Bene Gesserit (Dune) functions:
 indoctrination in advance for protective and messianic purpO5es.

 When Sedna is "hooked" to your current astrological directions
 (e.g. primary directions), the combinations (Sun and Saturn as 
 possible examples) favor the best year$ of your life!

 With Mars and Pluto, Sedna spreads gossip far and wide, so watch
 out if your marriage arrangements are involved. Kiss that frog
 before it leaps out of the gravitational well!

 Welcome to Sednastrology!

 Klaudio Zic presents:

 Sedna Delineation

 Visit also Varuna, Ixion and Quaoar 

 Contents:

 1. Sedna Delineation
 2. Equatorial Ascendant 
 3. IAU Compatible 28 Zodiacal Constellations
 4. An Initiation into IAU Compatible Astrology
 5. Orcus Delineation

 Sedna in the 12 houses = A glimpse of the copious delineation given below
 
 (C) Copyright 2004 Zic Klaudio, all rights reserved. 
     http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

  1. Insight. Balance. Spirits help averting heart disease.  
     The runaway.    

  2. Astrologers will look for Sedna in the second house even in
     popular solar return charts! This is the best year one can
     have, finantially speaking. There's a hint at real estate, 
     too. Talisman: the dollar, the Eye in the Triangle, Shiva.
   
  3. Do not travel to California; o.k. for New York (horary brief 
 
  4. Painful events within the family.

  5. Extremely voracious and consuming in love and sex.

  6. Sedna falling in the 6th house means God has come to serve. 

  7. Sincere relationship and souls entwined. Super marriage!
 
  8. ESP. Visions after mindbody crisis. Several deaths.

  9. Wherever I _choose_ to lay my hat is my home.

 10. Green Man. Holy marriage. Immensely influential artist.

 11. And they lived happily everafter! 
 
 12. Portraying Eva archetype. Bewitched by dangerous charms. 

 (C) Copyright 2004 Zic Klaudio, all rights reserved. 

 Sedna in the 7th house:

Ad PROTECTORES Sedna in 11th (long file!)

    Angels adopt various non-enochain forms, as well. One feels
    his ascendental guardian angel, which brings us to the main
    topic astrology is about: angels (heads). What is one's true
    ascendant and it's angel? This is not a matter of simple
    calculation or evocation but can and _must_ be done if
    one is to be an astrologer. I personally know one single
    non-astrologer that evokes this point.

Ad Sedna in the 7th House

7. Great love decision! One decides true love, as opposed to 
    mere sexual gratification and love of money and social power.

    Sincere relationship and souls entwined. Super marriage!
    Mountain sisters? Twin souls? Check Davison charts!
   
   Dolphin intelligencies bless this marriage. 
          
 Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
 Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
 dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
 will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.
    
    One had to decide and perhaps one of the (three) lamia turns
    out to be his true bride under disguise. More like "kiss the
    right frog". There was no choice! Fate uis gentle sometimes.  

    The innocent magus is not supposed to hide an undine. He should
    marry her. Human heart knows vary few faiths and faithfulness
    can become a problem. The undine won't tollerate breaching and
    will demand the death of the magus, who will degrade into an
    astral underwater servant in Sedna worlds unimaginable to the
    neophyte. Sedna is thus the punishing deity in service of the
    undine bride. various stories of sirens are in fact all true.
    
    One should be careful checking for latitude and horizon.
    When all is measured and checked out properly, there is
    no mistake and Sedna is _really_ in the 7th house! /b/
 
 <snip>
 service of the moral magus. The most beautiful undines are actually
 a threat for the magus as many married one to regret it when they
 were unable to remain faithful. Undines punish unfaithfulness with
 death, justified by the very marriage contract. Sedna is an undine
 for all practical purposes. In the seventh house it plays like a 
 dolphin with the magician's heart fountaining with love. 
 </snip> <!-- See majikal initiation below -->

    When is a planet in the 7th house? When above the horizon.
    Checking Sedna in teh 7th house is especially tricky. Try
    and get some hints learning from othe people's errors here:
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 /extra /nu /dane.rudhyar /alan.leo
    The article is "7th House Switch" http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu

    Sedna is otherwise in the 6th house. Your astological
    program does not know it. This is an old standard error 
    of popular astrology for the masses. Many authors have
    their planets e.g. in the 12th when they're clearly in
    1st, having the appropriate latitude and position under
    the eastern horizon. The ascendant is Due East, of course.

    A Note on Orcus below:

    Orcus is quite the reverse of Sedna in many aspects.

    Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
    Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
    dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
    will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.
 


 As we can see, Sedna is quite the opposite watery elemental
 force - inorganic -planet than much more sinister Orcus.

 Since Sedna is delineated using true astronomical 28 (sic!)
 constellations zodiac, most unfamiliar even to astronomers,
 it's delineation in the 12 houses is preceded and purported
 by a little initiation in astronomical astrology, featuring
 the ascendental constellations (not the same as the zodiacal).
    
 (C) Copyright 2004 Zic Klaudio, all rights reserved. 

  If we'd have no zodiac, we'd have no astrology! Use only
  the full 28 constellation astronomical zodiac with Sedna
  in Cetus! I am in Venice.it at this time, not in Tokyo.jp
  Sedna is in Cetus, not in Taurus. That's far apart, indeed.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 Astronomical 28 Constellation Zodiac
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna Sedna in Cetus Delineation

  The Sedna and Orcus delineations contain concepts
  unfamiliar to most astrologers (here are some):

 Is _your_ astrology IAU compatible? http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/IAU

  1. The zodiac has 28 constellations.
  2. Secondary extrazodiacal progressions.
  3. IAU compatible astrology = astronomy.
  4. IAU constellations based delineation.
  5. Saturn in Orion, Moon in Cetus, ...
  6. Ascendants change with aeons and time.
  7. Monoceros ascending. Lacerta zenithing.
  8. Simscan progression of Earth trojan moons.
  9. Secondary progressed Venus in Orion 2004.

A note on extraterrestral conjunctions

 Juno and Pholus conjunct next Valentine, as seen from
 Sedna. This is a most twisted time as conjunctons from
 Sedna are rare events. Most object can not conjunct at
 all as seen from Sedna far away. 

  The astrologer should be familiar with Cetus or Hydra
  ascending or on the meridian, before attempting to fully
  understand Orcus and Sedna in their current position.
  While at this time it is not possible for e.g. little
  Aries constellation to hold due east, it is perfectly
  possible for Sedna or Orcus to be ascending in their
  own constellations. Note that the 28 zodiacal
  constellations are not the same as the ascendental
  ones. Zenithing constellations are quite another set
  of archetypes and moreover most constellation sets we
  work with tend to chhange due to precession as well as
  location. In other words there is no such thing as the
  "12 signs" of the zodiac (not even 13 if we include
  Ophiucus), and there are surely a dozen more ascending
  constellations for your own location and time. Sextans
  could be ascending where one thought Virgo was. My own
  ascendant is Monoceros and the Unicorn is found (along
  with the Lion) in many royal horoscopes as we shall see
  below. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 or +385 91 108 108 4
  for information. You can also use the newsgroup and
  e-mail news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5
  Voice Mail Messages +385 91 70 108 108 4 Receive and
  Transmit = Ascendental Constellations included below
  
  Further improvements feature the precise position of the
  Moon (very tricky!), the Sun in it's 13 IAU constellations,
  the introduction of the main comets (e.g. recent NEAT comet
  http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/comet), all Earth trojans or semi-moons,
  all centaurs, main cubewano and plutino objects with an
  occasional SDO. 2004 celebrates with a Moon in Cetus new year.

  The site contains the delineations of the Moon and planets
  in their IAU constellations, e.g. Pluto in Cetus, Moon in Sextans;
  as well as either rather copious delineations or just footnotes of
  early and new centaurs http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/centaurs and giant TNO
  Varuna, Ixion, 2002 AW197, 2002 TX300, Quaoar, Orcus and Sedna.

  Varuna, Ixion and Quaoar have received special attention.
  http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html as well as some centaurs
  like Pylenor 1994 TA that we mention all over this article.

  The article contains enough information to make the astronomer
  laugh tears of joy as astronomy and astrology were never really
  apart at all. Any mayan reading this will agree on most premises,
  since we try and use archaic methods e.g. the meridian and
  horizon, something commonplace astrology dares not.

  This text is a long file (over 100 Kb). There are shorter
  Sedna info files in our archives http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna

 Here's one of the many manifest - like articles you can find
 browsing http://groups.google.com for "True Rising Constellations".
 
 Note that this article precedes my discovery of the astronomical
 research in the true zodiac led in 1977 by Dr. Lee Saphiro of 
 Morehead Planetarium, NC. Hope that my little research remains
 if not astronomically meticulous, at least amusing and correct.
 
Introduction = 28 Zodiacal = Current Ascendental Constellations

Note again that "zodiacal" and "ascendental" are not the same at
all, while both categories, most remarkably the ascendental are
liable to change. It is easy to see how the ascendents change
with precession and location. This interesting subject deserves
attention and copious computation. This one was done on i386. 

    ASTROLOGY RELOADED (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved.
    Simply the East! http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu 
   
 True Eastern Ascendant

 Ascendants change with precession.

 = True Rising Constellations = Reload here:
                          http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu

 An american citizen has the right to know. He has the right to
 know which objects circle around his head (he's paid for), but
 most of all he has the right to know which constellations were
 active at the time of his own birth. Astronomers will know. 

 There are people who are not astronomers but know something 
 about astrology. In fact the 12 signs system is used to this
 day even in astronomy, although the usual format is RA/decl.

 People are told their ascending constellation is Aries when
 it is clearly not and cannot possibly be. The ascendant usually
 measured is `known' as `eastern constellation' but is usually the
 northeastern or southeastern part (at best) of the constellation.

 Here are the constellations that _can_ rise in due East in 2003. 
 
 Ophiucus
 Serpens Cauda
 Aquila
 (Equuleus)
 Aquarius
 Pisces
 Cetus
 (A really insignificant portion of Taurus)
 Eridanus
 Orion
 Monoceros
 (Canis Minor)
 Hydra
 Sextans
 (A small part of) Leo
 (Crater ...)
 Virgo
 (Libra)
 Serpens Caput
 Ophiucus

 The cow looks over the Due East fence and she sees Monoceros.
 But a cow looking over the same fence 30000 years ago would
 perhaps see Crater or even Aries. Let's check it out, then:

 Triangulum
 Aries
 (Perseus)
 Taurus
 Orion
 Gemini
 Canis Minor
 Hydra
 (Sextans)
 Hydra
 Crater 
 Hydra 
 Centaurus
 Lupus
 Scorpio
 Ophiucus
 Sagittarius
 Serpens Cauda
 Scutum
 Aquila
 Aquarius
 Equuleus
 Pegasus
 Andromeda
 Pisces
 Triangulum

 The cow had a significantly different perspective due to precession. 
 Thus Monoceros (my own true ascendant and  prince William's descendant) 
 could not possibly be due East (or West) 30000 years ago. Interesting.



 IAU Compatible Astrology = Equatorial Ascendant

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /IAU

 Determining one's proper or equatorial ascendant
 may resulty tricky as in my own case.

 Strictly confirming to the IAU standards,
 the due eastern or equatorial ascendant is

  Hydra,

 but taking into account the nearest stars
 (in our case Zeta Monoceri), the ascendant
 is Monoceros. Canis Minor is near as we face
 one of the typically doubtful ascendental
 positions as myself feel monoceric or unicornish
 as well as hydrish due to my leadership spirit
 (Monoceros, Unicorn) and my occult pursuit (Hydra,
 Watersnake, Tiamat). Canis Minor often stands for
 national minority as it seems I have been born
 under a triurne influence.

 The advice is to go for precision in calculus,
 estimating Hydra ascending, then investigating
 the nearest stars and constellations.

 I have recently bought a pack of plastic spiders
 (myself being "tarant8la" netwise) when Arachne
 made it's 2004 GV9 conjunction, with Spica; my
 natal Jupiter and a host of important objects
 very near. In this case the equatorial ascendant
 is in the very focus of the analysis.

 Hope this helps my students in their own research.
 We are doubtlessly escavating mayan stuff, while
 breaking into new fields where the only thing that
 is sure is that the old stuff is more unsure than
 what we just dug out.

 Sincerely,

 Klaudio Zic a.k.a. Claudio Antonio Valentin Solis

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 P.S.

 What do we mean by "nearest star"? We confess this
 is a vague definition. We mean the nearest traditional
 object in this case, since there are "hydric" objects
 that are nearer to our ascendental point then the
 mentioned monoceris star.

 The further difficulties issue from our never
 being sure of the exact timing (or time in
 general) of the event. We are sure our fellow
 researchers will enjoy this element of fun in
 research, a sort of astrognomical puzzle for all.

 Large constellations don't offer much fun, but
 with Eridanus and Taurus, as well as a number of
 ascendental cases, we are never bored at all.

 60 000 years from now, Centaurus is both an equatorial
 and an ecliptical ascending constellation, but we tend
 to study the actual ascending constellations which is
 in itself tricky enough, thanks God and astrology.

 For the newcomers
 =================

 Our true IAU compatible zodiac has 28 constellations.
 The ascendental set may vary around two dozen.

 We take the planetary positions exactly where they are
 astronomically speaking and thus conflict sets of false
 calculations from Alan Leo to nowdays web sites that
 assume systems and stars that never ever existed and
 do not confirm any convention, mayan or egyptian as well.

 IAU compatible has nothing to do with vedic, tropical,
 sidereal, jyotish and alike, but could here and there
 have something to do, eventually speaking, with chinese,
 mayan, shumerian and egyptian observations; as time gets
 by and new experiments are introduced atop a solid modern
 basis for all astrological calculus.



 It is interesting to know your Moon may be in Cetus, Corvus, Orion,
 Ophiucus, Auriga or Sextans constellations, your Pluto in Coma
 Berenices, your Saturn in Cetus, Venus in Hydra and Sun in Ophiucus.
 
 Pluto is in Ophiucus and the Moon is in Cetus once a month, so we
 are not talking about rare or remote cases of extrazodiacal behavior.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extrazodiacal delienations for your extrazodiacals

 Run to NASA and be informed and order your True Chart here!

 = Clear Skies! = news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5
 Clearing your light coocoon is knowing the Intent of Heaven|||
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Rising Constellation: Sextans      Sat Aug 09 20:09:38 GMT 2003

Introduction (Continued) Tis is the 28 astronomical zodiac:

 
 Do we have only 13 zodiacal constellations, or up to 24?

 = 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
      
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 It is widely ignored that the true zodiacal band does not
 contain 13 constellations only (Ophiucus including), but
 also a motley variety of constellations usually unknown to
 the average astrologer. If Pluto was a planet, we would
 have 28 zodiacal constellations. If we discard Pluto as a
 mere transneptunian it is, we have a neat set of 24 (on the
 double!) constellations. Expanding with Pluto, that for most
 astrologers is nothing but a planet, we have the following 28 
 constellations the planets travel through at this time and age:

 = 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
 
 The 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac
 
 Aquarius
 Aries
 Auriga
 Bootes
 Cancer
 Canis Minor
 Capricornus
 Cetus
 Coma Berenices
 Corvus
 Crater
 Eridanus
 Gemini
 Hydra
 Leo
 Leo Minor
 Libra
 Ophiucus
 Orion
 Pegasus
 Pisces
 Sagittarius
 Scorpius
 Scutum
 Serpens
 Sextans
 Taurus
 Virgo

 = 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
 
 We have stated the Sun dwells "only 5 days" in Scorpius, while 
 it can apparently extend it's Scorpius sojourn to a week! The
 largest constellation occupying the zodiac band is Virgo, where
 the Sun lodges for 46 days. 

 We have the Moon moving through Libra, Scorpius and Ophiucus
 for this Valentine. Let there be noted that the Sun is in Ophiucus
 for an average of 18 days, roughly from Nov 30th to Dec 17th every
 year. Transneptunians like Quaoar, Pluto or 2002 MS4, as well as 
 giant plutino Ixion are likely to dwell there for extended periods.

 The Sun spends an average of 23 days in Libra, 7 in Scorpius and
 18 in Ophiucus. This may vary from year to year, of course. It is
 therefore a challenge for the incipient astrologer to calculate
 his natal Sun's position. 
 
 = 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
 
 The progressions of the planets have been called "extrazodiacal", 
 while there's in fact nothing "extrazodiacal" in Orion or Ophiucus
 and the rest, since the planets dwell quite normally there. We had
 Saturn in Orion last year (and during the world wars), Usama had 
 the Moon near Xi Orionis and so did the WTC tragedy. Scutum or
 Auriga may look arcane, but there is a score of positions that 
 are common place (e.g. Keanu Reeves' Mercury in Sextans), like
 this year's Venus in Orion or recent Venus in Ophiucus.
 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra /cetus http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /sambora
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html 

 Valentine marks the end of Sun's journey through Capricornus and 
 it's entry into Aquarius. But does the Sun determine the Zodiac?
 
 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Homework for my Students:

 Which objects visit Serpens Cauda, Serpens Caput, Canis Minor or
 Auriga? When (if ever) does it happen that Pluto travels through
 Pisces or Aries? Can Crater be ascending? Which major centaur
 dwells in Crater? Progress 2002 AW197 in Tiamat's surrounding. 
 How many days _after_ Valentine the Sun enters into Aquarius?

 = 28 Constellations of the True Zodiac = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 



  Sedna and Orcus delineation continues here:

 
  SEDNA (Continued)

  Sedna is the Whale Queen, protector of the dolphins, as
  well as astral dolphinlike inorganic angels-helpers.

  This is for Silver Belt.

  The archetype of the Whale is what Genesis or Creation
  is about. The naming goes to noumens or "mental" world
  archetypes. Adam kadmon gave the name to all the demons
  (often translated "animals"). Later Adams ate pork.

  Astralogy works with archetypes. The constellations
  mimick archetypes. Orion and the Milky Way are the
  Stairway to Heaven (http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu/stargate),
  the Leviathan is Cetus. All this beautiful lessons are
  still possible while we are redeeming towards astronomy
  compatible astrology, even IAU compatible astrology.

  The ascendental constellations change with the aeons,
  but the zodiacal don't change, or at least not much
  to our knowledge. Cetus is already a zodiacal
  constellation. Always been. Many astrologers
  have the Moon in Cetus or several planets.

  http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra /cetus

  No astrologer to my knowledge can possibly have
  Pluto in Aries or Pisces, but many have Pluto in
  Cetus. Luckily soon Pluto is not a planet, we'll
  call it GA.GA as our zodiac drops from 28 to 24
  constellations "only". The Sun journeys through
  13 constellations, but the planets and the Moon
  journey through 24 constellations. If Pluto were
  a planet (astronomers disagree), we'd keep our
  neat 28 constellation zodiac (expaded in a 29
  piece one for the convenience of Serpens Cauda
  and Caput, astrologically speaking!).


  The constellations "changed". What "was" the Tapir is
  now Taurus to us. We must study the ancients and update
  to new discoveries. What else can we do? Or should?

  I'm aware I'm speaking like Morpheus.

  That is because I have Monoceros ascending.

  People are free to carry on, tropically intended.

  Leaning towards astronomy would mean the end of
  our errors, while making mistakes seems the business
  of the human. Sedna is not so much human as all that.

  This update bears more darshan flavor and introduces
  Pylenor as the killer of the social being. Orcus
  has been updated & incorporated in this very document.

 = SEDNA in the 12 ASTROLOGICAL HOUSES = Featuring Orcus Plutino 
 Contains a short majikal initiation, as well as Sedna talisman hints

  Get rich with horary $edna in the second house and savour the deep 
  sea taste of Sednastrology while Sedna is still in Cetus constellation!

 Princess Diana has her Sedna in the 4th house.
 Read about Sedna in the 4th house, comparing
 your results to those of the centaurean astrologers.

 http://groups.yahoo.com /Centaurs .ch .cr .ru .it O.fi.uk

 Time to meet some swiss and costarican astrology:)

>Sedna has been greatly updated, not only in it's 6th house of ritual
>majik; see under 6. below. Vedic and castanedian lore incorporated as
>usual. Many comments added. People who go to extremes have Sedna
>prominent in their natal horoscope! Check 11th house, too.
  
 Sedna acts in = direction = with fair impact. 
 The "transits" are one of perhaps 250 types of
 directions at the service of the astrologer.

 Sedna in directions         (just an example)

 =================== http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /sedna

 The astrological "directions" are a popular set of
 perhaps over 250 types of calculus. The most direct
 are the primary directions. The directions enable the
 astrologer to determine in seconds or minutes (at first
 sight; no computer or any tool) all the major events
 in one's life: mariage, love affairs, peril, ... and
 that with excellent (to the month, even the day) timing.

 Sedna "directed" with Venus will produce the most
 amazing year love has to give, and that not only 
 in good, but also in bad (= selfish) respect.

 Sedna has definitively a relationship with Venus.
 We are beginning to discover, as well as disclose
 this secret relationship. Angular Venus Sedna
 positions make for extreme love (and hate?!?).

 Sedna in good aspect with Venus produces:

 P+sitive effects:

 Love of one's life, popular and beloved by many, 
 mutual orgasm, bewitched by one's own charms, 
 voodoo issues, sexual exaltations, Casanova.

 N+gative effects:

 Confused divination, jealousy, confusion, chaos,
 too much of a good thing, sweeped away by love.

 The year influenced by Sedna and Venus by direction
 can be fatal for lifetime! http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Note that when we use "New Planet", we mimick the
 news prior to the NASA announcement. Sedna is a
 minor planet, a centaur, according to the MPC.

 Pluto is officially still a planet, but among
 experts it is no more one. 

 = New Planet Sedna in Finantial Astrology = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Sedna has already a fair finantial record. Why does it influence
 the finantial $econd house of the horo$cope with such impetu$? 

 Albeit the hint at Admetos was a joke, it might rise
 some interest and stirr some serious training. I leave it
 as it is. Darkplanet Syrinx is quite the opposite, while
 Admetos (or Admetus?) positively furthers stock exchange.
 2002 AW197 will help with large partitions of real estate
 and money in general, and 2002 MS4 will afford masonic help.

    Hypoteticals such as the Avestans, Rathke Planets (see 
    under "darkplanets" on the site), and the Hamburg planets
    precede the recent discoveries. Admetos is favorable to
    stock exchange, much as 2002 AW197 is favorable to real estate.

 The Sedna - Admetos "relationship" was a pure whim of the pen.
 It is always funny to provoke astrologers over the USENET.
 However, since there is some logic as concerns Admetos
 position, we include the passage in hope it sharpens minds.
 And pens. 

  Is Sedna Admetos? It could well be! It is not Phoebus of the
  Rathke Planets, but it perhaps qualifies as Admetos of the
  hamburgers. The last word is on Hamburg, of course. /Adm/:)
    
 = SEDNA in the 12 ASTROLOGICAL HOUSES = Featuring Orcus Plutino 
 
 The recent large astronomical discoveries are being delineated in
 astrological terms. After Varuna, Ixion, 2002 AW197, 2002 TX300
 and that legendary Quaoar, we have Orcus and Sedna. Enjoy this
 time of new classes of objects. The adventure started with 1992
 QB1 a decan ago. 800 Kuiper Belt objects await delineation and
 as it seems we have out first Oort Cloud Object 2003 VB12 "Sedna".
 
 = Sedna = Astrological Delineation Update = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 It was the summer of '69. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna/summer69.gif

 Periodical summer conjunctions of our 2nd & 3rd moons (Cruithne &
 2002 AA29) involve Sedna and this is a superb omen as it brings
 relief to the omniverse. The nearest and the most distant blend
 in cOMmunion! The most happy nativities are those enjoying close
 conjunctions of 2002 AA29 and Sedna, such as in summer 1969. /*/

  Our semi-"moons" are of course trojans. We may share some
  of them with Venus. This field is rather new to astronomy.

  2002 PH5 has been included in the simulations.
  Several megabytes of new material scan Sedna
  skies in detail, including Orcus and objects
  of interest, most remarkably Thereus, the centaur.

  One note: some trojans, SDO and other objects do not
  conjunct Sedna, even if the longitude seems right.
  The extreme latitudes (declinations) carry such
  objects even over the "polar caps" of Omniverse.


  Extra care (meaning astronomy) should be exercized
  in the case of object 2002 VQ94 (which has a colorful)
  set of constellations on it's itinerary. The object
  crosses to Hydra but far from Orcus. See /Hydra3

 This effect is particullary felt in the sixties! The closest and
 the most unimaginably distant and undiscovered blend in the sixties.
 Let us not forget the astral vedic and Rathke Planets, as well as a 
 host of hypoteticals from Cassini Lilith to Nibiru. The sixties
 downloaded this influences and we're just unzipping the files.
  
  Centaur Thereus joins the configuration in the early seventies.
  Centaur Pholus underlines the conjunctions around 1984. Chiron
  passes by, towering. (This is the product of a brief scan; other
  objects of interest are surely involved!). 

Sedna   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7
2003VB12   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7
Cruithne    0.99764 .514819  19.8114 126.4230  43.6000 48200.5 285.4393 15.0
2004CJ39    12.952050 0.477604   3.5772 334.9720 133.6604 53040.5   5.4183 14.0
Orcus      39.473609 0.217911  20.5553 268.5371  73.3331 53200.5 157.5394  2.4

    Since Sedna is fairly removed from most interplanetary disputes,
    it must be consulted as a fair judge over the petty gravitational
    matters closer to us. Astrologers either consult the centaurs,
    which are perturbed by various planets, or the aloof world of
    the transneptunians. But how can Orcus judge? Is Quaoar fair?
    Nessus is too disturbed to do any judgement, and Asbolus, albeit
    magus, has not as yet seen it all. The centaurs lack perspective
    as they're thrown here and there by influences and planetary
    gravitation. The centaurs are our close dark archangels, but
    they are unable to encompass and judge creation. Only Sedna
    is capable of impartial empathy towards the centaurs and 
    transneptunian cubewano, plutino (and SDO) objects.
 
 Get rich with horary $edna in the second house and savour the deep
 sea taste of Sednastrology while Sedna is still in Cetus constellation!

 /Adm/ Admetos is a hypotetical and as such lacks perspective.
       Sedna is a real object in Cetus, while hypotheticals
       seldom claim latitude, declination or constellation.
       |
       This leaves Admetos = Sedna as an interesting (or mere?)
       speculation. The second house effect is, nevertheless, 
       remarkable. Perhaps the two (?) work together?


 As promised, a little majikal initiation + SEDNA IN MAJIK +
 
 = Sedna in Majik = Featuring Dolphin Talismans by ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Not only the centaurs like Asbolus or 1992 TA ("Pylenor") have
 their majikal attributes. Sedna is aloof but filters majik as
 well by the very virtue of it's placement against us. Sedna is
 largely unconcerned with the inner turnmoil of the known solar
 system. Her gifts are thus disinteressed with no strings attached.

 This article precedes Sedna in the 12 astological houses much is the
 same fashion evocational majik is the well of astrological initiation.

    We don't suppose the house Franz Bardon has his own Sedna in,
    as we introduce it here for the sake of record. Sedna is overaspected
    in the magus incarnation horoscope but it is most remarkably the
    Saturn Mars midpoint as it seems responsable for the magician's
    captivity. Namely the nazi and a black lodge succeeded in torturing
    the magus. This is a complex subject and horoscope I must leave
    to more expert times. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna frabato

    Frabato's supposed troubles with the undines and watery element
    had a happy ending after dire danger. The depths are there to teach.
 
    It seems yet another type of masonry enjoys plumpy water sprites
    (more plumpy than sprites) here. Our obscure masonic hero Giacomo
    Casanova midpoints Sedna within his winning Mars Jupiter in 5th
    with womboid Cruithne brushing by. Sedna is long large and eternal
    erection and a peculiar disinterest in all the things one posessed.

    I love all, desire all, and after having it I don't crave for it
    any longer. I have left that girl by the river, while it's still
    in your mind. Castazeniac vibes, indeed. Casanova reminds us that
    Sedna is not Admetos is not Nemesis. 

    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /reports /reports1 Casanova features Venus
    Devil Rose, HPMHC descending, Pholus Pluto, Sun Amor (darkplanet),
    bedsides Cruithne Sedna Mars Jupiter cluster. Admetos and Nemesis
    (darkplanet) seem involved with the magician's Moon.


 Aleister Crowley's Sedna initiates him into love majik. This issues 
 93 Agape - Thelema = the famous formula of Love under Will. Bardon
 adds "strong will" for the occasion, but this can be misleading. 
 Will is best conveyed by Carlos Castaneda, in my oppinion. 

 Changing hostility into friendship has been Crowley's forte, but 
 in cases like Mussolini, he also failed to obtain _too_much_
 friendship and sanctuary. perhaps this is a Sedna lesson: don't
 ask too much, or (for my O5 Masters:) "What does God (the Eagle) 
 owe to me that he must jump like a dog at my every whim?". Modesty.

 Perhaps Sedna helps the aloof and disposes of the wordly man. One
 can drink lemonade before and perhaps after the Holy Guardian Angel
 appears. It is of course not any of my business to spill lemonade.

 Sedna progresses very slowly in the magician's life. Year 1904.
 (See http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus). Sedna brings the magician to his 
 purpO5e. PurpO5e is also the theme of Matrix-the-movie. Akasha is
 loaded with PurpO5e. Rituals are carried on in the physical, astral
 and mental domain. The secrets of the water element are hidden in
 Sedna's progress. The spirits of the water elements led by Sedna's 
 progress in Cetus and the appropriate degree = head (spirit star or
 ascended master = friendly inorganic being = immortal) are at the
 service of the moral magus. The most beautiful undines are actually
 a threat for the magus as many married one to regret it when they
 were unable to remain faithful. Undines punish unfaithfulness with
 death, justified by the very marriage contract. Sedna is an undine
 for all practical purposes. In the seventh house it plays like a 
 dolphin with the magician's heart fountaining with love. 
 
 Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
 Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
 dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
 will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.

    The innocent magus is not supposed to hide an undine. He should
    marry her. Human heart knows vary few faiths and faithfulness
    can become a problem. The undine won't tollerate breaching and
    will demand the death of the magus, who will degrade into an
    astral underwater servant in Sedna worlds unimaginable to the
    neophyte. Sedna is thus the punishing deity in service of the
    undine bride. various stories of sirens are in fact all true.
 
 Sedna dips into the waters of our local omniverse like a siren
 launching a deep cry into her waters. Science and vedic lore
 agree about the composition of the minor planets in that they
 are composed of ice (water) and alcol. 

 Sedna currently initiates (via the appropriate degree spirit star
 head and ritual) into loveamulets. The amulets must be charged by
 a trained and moral magus. ( Meaning 30 to 50 years of secret and
 very hard training. )





 = SEDNA in the 12 ASTROLOGICAL HOUSES = Featuring Orcus Plutino
 
 The recent large astronomical discoveries are being delineated in
 astrological terms. After Varuna, Ixion, 2002 AW197, 2002 TX300
 and that legendary Quaoar, we have Orcus and Sedna. Enjoy this
 time of new classes of objects. The adventure started with 1992
 QB1 a decan ago. 800 Kuiper Belt objects await delineation and
 as it seems we have out first Oort Cloud Object 2003 VB12 "Sedna".
 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /sedna /Orcus /quaoar /varuna /ixion /comet

>> The article contains Sedna and Orcus delineations, as well 
> as their meaning in the 12 horizon based astrological houses 

 Since both Sedna and Orcus contain watery flavor, they are
 coupled in this analysis. Morever the Sedna communication comes
 in synch with Orcus discovery, even if it's own discovery is
 marked Nov 11th 2003. The Minor Planet Center still classifies
 Sedna as centaur object and we will probably see new classes of 
 objects popping out soon as we already did lately.

 The zodiac loses 4 constellations, assuming Pluto is _not_ a planet.
 In that case Eridanus (NEAT comet http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/comet, river 
 Po in Italy), Bootes (pastoral religions), Coma Berenices (Tiepolo's 
 Veronica's Hair at San Alvise) and Leo Minor (EVANGELVS SECUNDVS) 
 become EXTRA-zodiacal constellations, while they were of course 
 zodiacal in times when Pluto was officially a planet. Sitchinian 
 proposals taken into consideration, we have GAGA as Saturn's ex 
 satellite. Our zodiac reduces thus to 24 constellations, 25 in
 extension, conveniently splitting Serpens in two. 

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra/cetus Is your natal Moon in Cetus, too?

 Why Cetus? Because it is a _zodiacal_ constellation. Misconceptions
 have the zodiac a 12 constellation ring, when it is a 13 (Ophiucus!)
 constellation ring as concerns the Sun. The Sun journeys through
 13 constellations. But the Moon, Pluto and the planets journey
 through 28 constellations! This is largely out of reach for the
 practical (?) 12zodiacal (often "tropical") astrologer. This
 astrologer is _not_ concerned with the way things are (or were),
 he deals with unexisting positions, impossible conjunctions,
 immersed in a virtual simplified equinoctial model of the
 constellations, good enough for some old egyptian primary 
 school perhaps, but not good at all for serious research. 
 No wonder astronomers keep laughing at tropical astrologers:
 they deserve it in many ways. So do the siderealists and the 
 vedic. All of them refuse to take a simple glance at the sky.
 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna in 12 houses

 Sedna is the protector of tritons, undines and evocational
 magick dealing with the watery element, especially while it
 still dives through Cetus. Watermonsters, krakens, lamias
 and sirens speak through dolphins and whales to the uninitiated.
 
    As concerns travel, it
    is obvious Sedna will bring the acolyte across to Avalon, 
    as not just long journeys, but actually journeys out of this
    world pertain to Sedna. Sedna's orbit alone dictates long
    distance communication as Sedna features in horoscopes of
    meditators, shamans and people who reside for a long time from
    home. Sedna will determine space mission captains in the
    future. Sedna liberates the meditator!                   Sedna
    is not perturbed (much) by the planets, and is almost untouched
    by sunrays, the better for the meditator to escape the ego-fires
    of the heart-Sun. The Sun is malefic in vedic tought, as the 
    Moon is truemind. The centripetal pull of the Sun and it's ego
    wishes symbolize (if not incorporate!) ego will (me, me!), but
    Sedna is (almost = savikalpa samadhi) liberated from the major
    gravitational basin, it is part of our system but fairly 
    with an "independent" (?) orbit. It is thus symbolized by the
    meditator in savikalpa samadhi.                 :::||| heart

 = Sedna = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /sedna in the 12 astrological houses 

 Sedna in Cetus in the 12 Astrological Horizon based Houses 

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna

 1. The runaway. Black sheep. Straying away from any pack.
    Smiling into one's own chin for no reason at all.

    Defying reason for no reason. Just not. Just like this.	

    Simply unfathomable. Too simple to be understood.	

    Alien in a homely way. Nt at all homely in an alien way.

    The only one that really cares is an understanding     stranger.			

    Lost in the woods at night. Let'em seek me?

    Nobody needs to discover me.

    Insight. Balance. The Temple promotes longevity. Ancestral
    spirits help averting heart disease.

    Running away from one's family and friends, as well as lover.
    Sedna is far far away, yet it gravitates. Aloofness. Not at
    all understanding oneself, not to mention others. Finding
    weird unusual friendships in times of crisis. 

    Running and hiding, sometimes to be sought for (sometimes not)
    is a way to communicate one's aloofness, one's misalignment
    with society. Extreme cases mean extreme aloofness and with
    agressive aspects perhaps tendency towards autoanihillation
    (seemingly a way to be very far, indeed). 

    Hide and seek can nevertheless be dramatic and fatal, since
    even good nativities undergo agressive directions, as well
    as challenging transits.  
   
    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

 2. Astrologers will look for Sedna in the second house even in
    popular solar return charts! This is the best year one can
    have, finantially speaking. There's a hint at real estate, 
    too. Talisman: the dollar, the Eye in the Triangle, Shiva.

    Windfall. The guru afloat on the sea. Sincerity. Good winds.
    Chopping wood for the winter. Cached wood carried to the stove.
    Storage. Resourceful? The maiden chops wood.

    Is Sedna Admetos? It could well be! It is not Phoebus of the
    Rathke Planets, but it perhaps qualifies as Admetos of the
    hamburgers. The last word is on Hamburg, of course.

  Get rich with horary $edna in the second house and savour the deep 
  sea taste of Sednastrology while Sedna is still in Cetus constellation!
    
 = New Planet Sedna in Finantial Astrology = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Sedna has already a fair finantial record. Why does it influence
 the finantial $econd house of the horo$cope with such impetu$? 

    Hypoteticals such as the Avestans, Rathke Planets (see 
    under "darkplanets" on the site), and the Hamburg planets
    precede the recent discoveries. Admetos is favorable to
    stock exchange, much as 2002 AW197 is favorable to real estate.

  Is Sedna Admetos? It could well be! It is not Phoebus of the
  Rathke Planets, but it perhaps qualifies as Admetos of the
  hamburgers. The last word is on Hamburg, of course.

 /Adm/ Admetos is a hypotetical and as such lacks perspective.
       Sedna is a real object in Cetus, while hypotheticals
       seldom propose a declination and constellation.

       This leaves Admetos = Sedna as an interesting (or mere?)
       speculation. The second house effect is, nevertheless, 
       remarkable. Perhaps the two (?) work together?

    Leaving behind one's research for the pO5terity. Resourceful.
    Well-ordered or rather organized set of premises. A research into
    the dark side of the soul (voladero mind).

    Far reaching ideas influencing pO5terity?

    "What I win I keep". Refined science being used to make money
    ever after? Discontinued research?

    Wearing a tail one dislikes = perhaps leaving a broad line of
    unwanted "followers" behind. 

 About Sedna in the Second House

 Baghdad has Sedna in second house. Since year 762
 it was a rich city. "Resourceful" is a better word
 for second house matters. The second house is also
 PORTA INFERNA. The lord of this world is the inorganic
 parasit-predator (voladero, devil) that installs his
 own mind instead of the original one into the newborn
 on which it feeds. Our beliefs are thus the product of 
 an inorganic strategy. Thus the saints chose caverns,
 not libraries. 

 I guess I owe Baghdad birth data to Juan Antonio Revilla.

 3. Inorganic being, but not as yet or necessary already or ever
    a helper. Non-human, but perhaps rather evil. Black packt. Easter.
    Do not travel to California; o.k. for New York (horary brief).

    An ally, when tamed (see Holy Bible, PNIAL, Peniel) is an
    useful inorganic being, "kept in the pouch".

 4. Painful events within the family.

    This is the position of + Princess Diana.   

    Turning into a wolf? Goethia. Barbaric invocation formulae.
    Howling like a wolf in trance and extasy. Aiming at the wild
    Holy Guardian Angel? Spelled by a mature woman? Packting with
    some devil. Plutonic position. Selling one's soul.
    Selling one's soul but eventually getting away with it.

    Obtaining both the purse full of gold and the hand of Helen
    of Troy, plus heavenly extras. Almost a lucky man?

    Desperately enamored!

    The cusp of the 4th house is Nadir (not I.C.). This position is
    most important as it strikes Sedna's own family affairs. Her
    family then expands to all astral fauna. The shepardess of the
    astral dolphins is surely heart-wounded after the slaughter done
    to whales and dolphins. AVE MARIA STELLA MARIS. Sedna can be
    coupled with Santa Lucia in her inorganic aspect. This will be 
    done in Venice in summer gift to students, readers and O5 classes.

    All pierced, broken and lightning-transfixed Hearts fall under
    this category. Loser? One who barters both with God and the Devil?

    Keywords:

    Selling one's soul (more or less immortal?) but getting away with it.
    Hunting high and low, obtaining material as well as some spiritual
    prize. A fatal position?

    Dangerous underwater forces at work. Subconscious elements stirring.

   Princess Diana has this position along with a second house Saturn
   closely squaring Sedna. Saturn features in Prince Charles 2nd
   house, too. The princess has her Sun closely conjunct Orcus.
   The couple shares Monoceros horizons with Prince William.
    
    Rough for real estate matters. Throwong one out of his house.
    Finally dislodging someone. Get 'em up by Saturday. Large real
    estate manipulation. Smuggling weapons, military scandal, bad
    with Algol (cutting heads). Perhaps like nazi crimes towards the
    chosen paople.

    Dislodging one from his own country? Then America and Israel?
    Forceful actions bent on punishing criminals, scaring the
    badger out of his den. Applying legal constraint and force?

    Bribery as applied to the military? Disarmament. IBM. 

    Genetic control and manipulation. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/clone
                                         
    Secrete bases and experiments under the sea. Atlantis reemerging?

    This position is sensitive to Saturn effects, as well as Jupiter
    Saturn aspects in direction. It is like a good Jupiter Saturn square.

    Selling soul is a way of putting it. One obtains some service from
    the inorganic but is obliged to return service. This is something
    one should avoid in majik, even when a "honest" inorganic offers
    "fair exchange". No dwarf, angel or nymph is to be trusted 100 %.

 5. The totem of this position is the tortoise. The guardian
    angel can appear as tortoise avatar. The Tarot card is
    Princess of Cups ( I Ching #41 ).  
   
    Extremely voracious and consuming in love and sex.
    Legendary jealousy. Abandoned to sex. Archetypal sex.

    ? mangled ? suicidal ? secret suffering ? lack of emotion ?

    Extremely feminine, never at first sight. Manequine. Catwalk.
    Die-hard. Devilishly sly. extreme punishments and rewards in
    one's sexual life. Money hungry. Burglary. Risky life always
    at one edge. Dangerous passions. Drugs? Extreme travel or
    exotical countries at surprise. (Take Finland for an example.)

    Death on two legs. Silent mistress. Oral service.
    Mysterious or too simple a lover?

    The return of the beloved after a long time
    (10 years perhaps). Phantasmagoria while
    unbeliavable complications in love and sex.

    Bonnie but no Clyde?

    A favorable issue to steeling a wife. Stolen wife was not hidden
    (well)?

    Magus and Astrologer. Sexual pest. Burglary after enrichment?
    The unexpected Aiwass-like ward. FIAT LVX.
 
    The wish to go far, thus entrapped!

    The innocent magus is not supposed to hide an undine. He should
    marry her. Human heart knows vary few faiths and faithfulness
    can become a problem. The undine won't tollerate breaching and
    will demand the death of the magus, who will degrade into an
    astral underwater servant in Sedna worlds unimaginable to the
    neophyte. Sedna is thus the punishing deity in service of the
    undine bride. various stories of sirens are in fact all true.

    It seems yet another type of masonry enjoys plumpy water sprites
    (more plumpy than sprites) here. Our obscure masonic hero Giacomo
    Casanova midpoints Sedna within his winning Mars Jupiter in 5th
    with womboid Cruithne brushing by. Sedna is long large and eternal
    erection and a peculiar disinterest in all the things one posessed.

    I love all, desire all, and after having it I don't crave for it
    any longer. I have left that girl by the river, while it's still
    in your mind. Castazeniac vibes, indeed. Casanova reminds us that
    Sedna is not Admetos is not Nemesis. 

    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /reports /reports1 Casanova features Venus
    Devil Rose, HPMHC descending, Pholus Pluto, Sun Amor (darkplanet),
    bedsides Cruithne Sedna Mars Jupiter cluster. Admetos and Nemesis
    (darkplanet) seem involved with the magician's Moon.

    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia/casanova for birthplace and myth. 

    Thelemite. Vegetarian. Hare Krsna. Drug addict?
    Black robes. Silent gothic environmant. Playing
    with a "terrible" black dog.

    Out of the common. Outcast? Condemned because of
    one's love life. Sins of youth.

    Does not want to have babies at all. Undecided abut
    motherhood for a long time? (But not like cold Saturn
    in 5th.)

    Research into (im)possibility of having posterity.

    She's a lady, she has time to brush back her hair.

    The final choice after the most improbable sex life
    complications may be solitude. Sedna is aloof.

 6. Guess who? Nelson Rockefeller. A great bhakti? The dollar
    bill still has God watching you and perhaps worshiping the
    bill leads towards great spiritual achievements.
    
    God's sponsor. One who pledges to build a Church for God.
    Can mean your financial situation improves considerably.

    Compare Orcus delineation below where we have an allusion
    to Mother Mary ( = Isis ). Sedna offers darshans.

    Evoking God's help has spectacular effect in this pO5ition!
    God not only comes but also makes a show with so much lightning!
    The innocent and reverent receive help from Godhead himSelf.

    Holy Mary will surely help very fast. This is Holy Mary
    "snowcrashing", i.e. producing fast results (through the
    Matrix). The event matrix is either maniplated or grace
    has been received. 10 maggio 2004

    God is not only at the service of the hermit, it forms an 
    alliance here. This is the pO5ition of the Covenant. Ally
    with God from within and he comes in visible form (avatara).

    The loner talks to God and receives response. A difficult
    (most likely emotional) stuation is resolved in a providential
    way, not at all expected, calculable and most unfathomably
    undivinable. The Cosmical Secretary downloads a solution to
    an event. 10 maggio 2004 22:46:31 CET
   
    news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5

    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /pcs

    The darshan can be bloody as in the example of Prahlada Maharaj
    where the deity butchers the opponent after playing with it!
    ( Let it be noted and not only for the sake of mere record,
      that Nara-Shimha = Saint Marc's Lion = Regulus = Mikael the
      archangel.  
    
    Help comes sort of unexpectedly, although the faithful 
    is one with "his" deity mO5t of the time. Sincerity, rather
    than elaborate rituals (elaborate rituals often serve 
    materialistic goals: observe our european churches, for istance:)  
 
    !!! This position means the church !!!

    God-downloaded energy is felt like miracle.

    The natural shaman is absorbed by and in deity = nature = the
    present. "Inorganic" refers to entities = beings  ( ? ) of the
    other realms of life. Our fellows love in parallel worlds here
    and now. They are sometimes classified as "scouts" ( Carlos
    Castaneda).

    God "descends" slaying the carrier of the inorganic pest.
    God kills the devil, or at least it's mortal frame.
    The devil is by far more equipied to kill man, but God is
    by far more equipied to kill the devil. This is not so
    christian-linear, as the inorganic pest partakes in creation.

    For those who aim at liberation from the devil, there's some
    informative material under "los voladeros" or "voladeros"
    on http://groups.google.com or http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
    Exorcism can begin with such simple techniques as O5, which
    we incorporate under news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5

    The castanedian lore is vital crucial and central to all modern
    exorcism. Tradition properly initiated along with new currents
    informs the exorcist. Of course the majority will "think" (it
    is the devil that does the thinking) the devil does not exist.   
   
    Sedna is aloof, here putting itself below the western horizon.
    The western horizon is the alterego, so-to-speak, of the eastern
    horizon, or the ascendant. We have seen Sedna is in Cetus and
    when Cetus is ascending with Sedna 
  
    ( Sedna sets in London at 18:06 UT Jun 1st 2004. )  

    Virgo or Libra are descending (with rather 
    dangerous Serpens Caput lurking by). The descendant is sometimes
    the enemy, precisely the known visible representation of the
    enemy of man (voladero, devil, vampire inorganic being): the
    incorporation of the personal devil, and so on. Sedna below
    the western horizon is playing with the bhakti's enemy, like
    in the case of Prahlada Maharaj (who owns an astral planet of
    his own, I'm informed). Sedna is aloof like God but it descends
    and plays with man's enemy (the personal devil dwells inside
    Prahlada Maharaj's father in our example), killing him in the
    end. The vedic example is astounding when enmeshed with 
    castanedian lore. Truemind kills false ego. The default mind 
    is one we use on daily basis which is not ours at all and was
    installed by the devil at an early age. This is alienation and 
    death. We don't need this. All the lies of the false authorities
    come from the use of the wrong mind. Don't use it. Don't feed
    negativemotions, never. Survival and paradise is pO5sible for
    truemind, but hardly in ways the false mind suggests: rather
    tricky and deadly dangerous, indeed.

    Sedna falling in the 6th house means God has come to serve. Truemind
    will kill false ego after playing with it. This sounds optimistical
    indeed and it is to give you a boost. Don't wait for Sedna in 6th
    to fight your true enemy: your "own" (not yours at all) mind!

    The position means God listens to the prayer and will respond to 
    it "as he finds befitting".
    
    The 6th house is one of the most intriguing, dealing with
    ritual majik. Sedna in 6th requires denial of packts to 
    "pO5itive", as well as negative inorganic beings. We should
    not mingle with bad people and bad inorganics (spirits, more
    or less physical parallel universe beings).    

    Yato yato yami tato nrsimhah. Saint Marc's inorganic guide is
    Nrsimhah deva of the vedic lore, the protector of astral travel
    ers such as Prahlada Maharaj). Inner fires burning ego remanants. 
    Reguls as MIKAL. /a/ A fishing cat. Guru search out of the Temple.
    Out of the sea life crawls into the forest. Ancestral spirits lead
    to the wood-of-no-guru. Ancestral spirits spread the MariX before
    the initiate. The warp-and-woof of other life. Childbirth in the
    Temple. Capitalism. Sea ecology. Marine expeditions.

    Menkar can add up to fire hazard. Protect your stables. Take
    special care of your cats. Altars built to deal with fires.
    Vesta is especially interesting when dealing with 6th house 
    fire service and hazard. This position can "blow fire". The
    fiery element can be greatly stressed with Regulus acting
    on the planets in connection with Sedna here. 

    Note that we take the 6th house as being below the western
    horizon. That is never done in tropical/popular astrology. 

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

    The same deity can appear to various saints. A lionlike angel
    suggested PAX TIBI MARCE EVANGELISTA MEVS to the double evangelist
    Saint Marc in the bogs ("biri" in venethian) where the large
    church of San Francesco de la Vigna stands today. Lionlike
    incarnations and visions clearly pertain to Regulus and Leo.

    All tropical calculus here is obsolete as we are working with
    the real skies, not some simplified equinoctial model.   

    ? Fanatic ? One Ring. Submit all. Saruman. Social and political
    climber despite mean provenience? The cold snow and ice is not
    favorable to you. The Snow Queen attacks. A braggart thinks
    himself a great general. Defeat in expansion.

    Sedna 6th people should be modest like Prahlada Maharaj.
    Even when given power over the planetary system, they should
    take care to be extra modest in all!!!


 7. Great love decision! One decides true love, as opposed to 
    mere sexual gratification and love of money and social power.

    Sincere relationship and souls entwined. Super marriage!
    Mountain sisters? Twin souls? Check Davison charts!
   
   Dolphin intelligencies bless this marriage. 
          
 Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
 Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
 dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
 will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.
    
    One had to decide and perhaps one of the (three) lamia turns
    out to be his true bride under disguise. More like "kiss the
    right frog". There was no choice! Fate uis gentle sometimes.  

    The innocent magus is not supposed to hide an undine. He should
    marry her. Human heart knows vary few faiths and faithfulness
    can become a problem. The undine won't tollerate breaching and
    will demand the death of the magus, who will degrade into an
    astral underwater servant in Sedna worlds unimaginable to the
    neophyte. Sedna is thus the punishing deity in service of the
    undine bride. various stories of sirens are in fact all true.
    
    One should be careful checking for latitude and horizon.
    When all is measured and checked out properly, there is
    no mistake and Sedna is _really_ in the 7th house! /b/
 
 <snip>
 service of the moral magus. The most beautiful undines are actually
 a threat for the magus as many married one to regret it when they
 were unable to remain faithful. Undines punish unfaithfulness with
 death, justified by the very marriage contract. Sedna is an undine
 for all practical purposes. In the seventh house it plays like a 
 dolphin with the magician's heart fountaining with love. 
 </snip> <!-- See majikal initiation below -->

    When is a planet in the 7th house? When above the horizon.
    Checking Sedna in teh 7th house is especially tricky. Try
    and get some hints learning from othe people's errors here:
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 /extra /nu /dane.rudhyar /alan.leo
    The article is "7th House Switch" http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu

    Sedna is otherwise in the 6th house. Your astological
    program does not know it. This is an old standard error 
    of popular astrology for the masses. Many authors have
    their planets e.g. in the 12th when they're clearly in
    1st, having the appropriate latitude and position under
    the eastern horizon. The ascendant is Due East, of course.

    A Note on Orcus below:

    Orcus is quite the reverse of Sedna in many respects.

    Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
    Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
    dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
    will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.
 
    The 7th house is the opponent, not just alter-ego, but also
    the destroyer of all we know as self. Thus satanists can have
    this position, for good or bad. Assuming the enlightment
    bringer is a destructive deity as concerns the false ego,
    we have grounds for happy endings; however this topic is 
    too subtle and dangerous for the purpO5e of a general delineation. 

    Jungian astrologers will delight at the Shadow, with it's
    infinite gothic charm. To be attracted towards one's shade;
    Mr. Hyde, seems unavoidably natural, yet risky and out of
    any field of sound advice. 

    The dark man climbs the spyral staircase to Heaven. Or perhaps
    descends? Spiral are the fates of gods = planets, and semidemi
    gods = centaurs, titans = cubewanos, plutinos...+++  

 8. ESP. Visions after mindbody crisis. Several deaths.
    Survived several clynical deaths.

    Mason?

    This is a b/w self employed, self driven, tottaly
    independent person. Passion, sincerity, infinity is
    just a snap of the finger.

    This person knows no limits, she cannot know limits!
    There are none! 

    "Too far, too soon; you saw the whole of the Moon"
                        --- Waterboys "This is the Sea".

    Returned from the other world. The Advent of Panurage
    by Gentle Giant. In and out this world. Confused by
    Nagual. Weltschmertz. 

    Time pyramind. Errection. Sinking. Sea bottom. The flood.
    The overflooding well. 

    Overcoming timespace. Clairvoyant.

    The placement of the physical heart might be altered.
    Check again for Venus (and Pholus, if near!) and
    investigate into both physical and spiritual heart
    placement. The physical heart may be towards the
    spiritual one, towards the middle of the chest,
    size possibly altered (pelato - like). 

 9. This is the position of the high initiate. 

    Following one's clear purpose and mission.

    Opening new worlds beyond this one. Expanding the
    Tree of Life. Venturing beyond the Looking Glass.
    Alice in Wonderland. La diablera. He who knows and
    ventures beyond the Pass.

    "Socializing" in enochian kingdoms. Getting to know
    the king of the angels. Majikal reformation. Post -
    thelemitic XAoC. 

    Skrying in astral. Tibet. Himalaya. The Great
    White Lodge. Channeling. Enochiana. A high or
    important position in masonry. Poetical attitude.

    Copious writer, but rather poet. Occult writer.
    A new William Shakespeare. Attaining to the highest
    secrets of sexual majik, alchemy and tantra. Perhaps
    holy marriage, but this is the active dreamer position.

    (The 12th house ismore like the stalker's position.)

    Sedna 9th incarnations have tasks on planetary level,
    especially as concerns the occult, majik & religion.

    Reforming the basic program. Hacking into the core.

    NEMO as Magister Templi. One loses his little ego
    or voladero mind, becoming N00ne, like the 0 of the
    Tarot. Look for T-squares here! Pylenor is always
    involved and perhaps 2002 TX300.

    Poets and magicians will have this position with
    prominent Pylenor, the centaur of the immortals.

    The new law. More freedom. Tantric yoga (left
    tantra?). Travel on occult pursuit. 
    
    Try and couple this analysis with Pylenor.
    Pylenor attacks the social being, the better
    to prepare the worshiper for the darshan.

    The vision of the holy guardian angel is then
    possible, but the social being must die.

    Pylenor dwells under the bridges unwarping
    truemind, killing the social being.

    Avatar. Descending from the skies. Heavenly objects
    bringing fresh genetical code to a planet.
    Panspermia. ||: dissemination. A traveler arrives from
    far away. Alien visitors. Sitchinian cosmogonies.

    This position calls Nibiru to our mind.

    This position has glimpsed into Other Worlds.
    Sedna 9th people go far far! Who can catch the last
    glimpse of their Glory?

    The owner of this position understands many things
    that don't catch the eye of the "normal" person.

    Knowing too much "for his good". Suffering his mandate.

    Easy climber. Climbs high. Advance. Stairway to Heaven.
    The neophyte easily progresses to Zelator and beyond to
    Ipsissimus. Many surmontable obstacles, especially
    designed by the mediocre. 

    Hated and feared by the mob. Gossipful center of
    evil attention and mediocre curiO5ity.

    Wherever I _choose_ to lay my hat is my home.
    The supper of the Lamb. An archangel. Sacred and prophane,
    perhaps even a bit morbid love. Love, sex and mythology.
    (Reddish) mask for the face and head. Watcher of the skies.
    Intuiting death. Death conscious. Human, full of strange
    empathy. World encompassing. making no show of his mission.
    Rain on the windshield. The Eagle communicates to the shaman.
    hanging like a semigod from the ceiling.
    Tired of airplane trips. Seeing more realities behind this veil.
    Intuiting parallel worlds. Harlequin. Arlekin Batocio.
    Standing on a sanatory wall. Standing on the ledge of the window.
    Lover's leap. Morbid sense of humor? Beloved but "broken"?

    This is the chosen one, for good or bad. The position presses
    into contact with the holy guardian angel. Infinity presses
    or God (the Eagle) sends commands.

    At home elsewhere. Anyway. Easy come easy go.
    Head in the clouds. Aloof. Towering. Angelic. Pixied or
    elvish. Eloquent. A copious writer. Founding new monasteries. 

    Far reaching. Saying much in one word. Inventing modes of
    communication. Telecasting. The one many dream of. Second
    attention = active dreaming. Trancelike attitude. Performing
    better than anyone else. aiming at the best, farthest. Far
    away from the mediocre and daily routine.

    Excellent for poets? In fact the owner must be one.
    Poetry is majik. Majik is poetry. 

    Waking up in one's dreams. Born artist. Exceptional guru
    having an exceptional guru. Versatile. Resourceful. Multi
    lingual. Eloquent. Everything immediately pO5sible. Opener. 

    Alienated. Social persona dying. Initiation. Hermitage.
    Alien to it's, his or her own surrounding. Enjoying gypsy
    like outskirts. Snooping everywhere.

    The death of his social being enables detachment.

    Choose a sullen place and stay there allone. All1
    for weeks, months. Then Pylenor acts! Pylenor tears
    down the social being, unwarps TrueMing.

    In the end one is equally (dis)interessed in social
    and lonely pursuit. What is loneliness?

    How does it "feel" to be "one without another"?
    (Adwaita vedantao).

    The desert. One is one's own cOMpany.

    Deserted by all, but not feeling too bad.

    Excellent for art and travel! Roundabout. Spring equinox.
    Compare with Pegasus constellation. As concerns travel, it
    is obvious Sedna will bring the acolyte across to Avalon, 
    as not just long journeys, but actually journeys out of this
    world pertain to Sedna. Sedna's orbit alone dictates long
    distance communication as Sedna features in horoscopes of
    meditators, shamans and people who reside a long time from
    home. Sedna will determine space mission captains in the
    future. 

    Travel expands to second attention or waking up in one's dreams.
    Still better, Sedna at in 9th liberates the meditator! Sedna
    is not perturbed (much) by the planets, and is almost untouched
    by sunrays, the better for the meditator to escape the ego-fires
    of the heart-Sun. The Sun is malefic in vedic tought, as the 
    Moon is truemind. The centripetal pull of the Sun and it's ego
    wishes symbolize (if not incorporate!) ego will (me, me!), but
    Sedna is (almost = savikalpa samadhi) liberated from the major
    gravitational basin, it is part of our system but fairly 
    with an "independent" (?) orbit. It is thus symbolized by the
    meditator in savikalpa samadhi. 

    Since Sedna is fairly removed from most interplanetary disputes,
    it must be consulted as a fair judge over the petty gravitational
    matters closer to us. Astrologers either consult the centaurs,
    which are perturbed by various planets, or the aloof world of
    the transneptunians. But how can Orcus judge? Is Quaoar fair?
    Nessus is too disturbed to do any judgement, and Asbolus, albeit
    magus, has not as yet seen it all. The centaurs lack perspective
    as they're thrown here and there by influences and planetary
    gravitation. The centaurs are our close dark archangels, but
    they are unable to encompass and judge creation. Only Sedna
    is capable of impartial empathy towards the centaurs and 
    transneptunian cubewano, plutino (and SDO) objects.

    Sedna in 11th 10th and 9th house and especially at the meridian 
    is a fair judge judging nothing, an aloof observer, the witness.
    Om sakshi aham. I am the Witness separate of all.

    The prophet. Messiah. Carrier of a New Law. Astronomical, as well
    as astrolohical reformations. A poet writing about astrology.

    This pO5ition cannot be judged by the mediocre.

10. Annunaki HQ (meaning usually the mothership mission control
    room piloting assembly). Headquarters of EN.LIL

    Same as Orcus on the eastern horizon. 

    ( Where Sedna in Cetus and Orcus in Hydra combine to the
      picture of a distant mothership and "watermonster" fleet
      Tiamut = cosmical submarines ). Chinese dragons, see:
   
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html 
    
    Crocodile suits of the Annunaki. IAIII BT c/o pilot.  

    Did you know Sedna pilots the crocodile of your local Green Man?
    See under "Sedna in the 10th House" as you become neoastrologer. 

 Sedna for Neodruids = A Complete Sedna Delineation for O5 PCS
 VirtPet Initiates http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/pcs 

    Midsummer dreamwork. Crocodile as VirtPet of the Green Man.

    Walking on velvet green. NEMO as Green Man. Cosmical submarine. 
    
    Solstice bells. Visions of angels. Neodruids. The boat of million
 
    year. Anunnaki. Flood. ENKI as green man. Far orbiting mothership.



    Holy marriage. Immensely influential artist.

    Detailed account of astral adventurities. Dreams
    come alive. 

    This Sedna position can mean marriage when Sedna transits
    into the lovers 11th house. The 11th house is the house of
    true love, while the 5th spells lust.

    Love forever.

    Noble goals. Empathy towards the suffering.
    High aims. Materialistically disinteressed.

    Truemind!

    Aiming at the Highest.

    Impartial. Rather disinteressed.

    Detached. Eccentric. Mad with art.

    SeldOM involved in material activities.

    Without lust of result. Dharmic management?

    Grail. ( Crater ? ). Flying? One year of good business?
    Friends forever? Spirit helpers. Aiming at immortality after
    meeting a spiritual ancestor and guide. Persist in poverty.

    Space mission captain.
    
    Menkar is not traditionally good at all at the meridian and 
    Sedna has been coupled with Alpha Ceti for a while. Speaking
    of coupling, Venus rises with Sedna at his time.

    Getting rich soon. 

    Venus at the meridian with the 10th house Sedna
    position seems an especially blessed cOMbination.

    Artistic discrepances. Perhaps an artist
    who is too noble to be understood? An artist
    who ... thinks she cannot paint? Too shy an
    artist! Perhaps helping the planet is more
    important than exibiting one's works.

    Not much self importance here!

    An artist fully depending on his she-partner.

    An artist hiding her works?

    Natural art, clay, ... I will add many comments
    here after an interview or two within my muse.

    This is Prince Charles position. 

    Amazingly, Dali's Sedna confirms to the
    description, sharing this house with Orcus.
    Partnership seems important for climbing the
    Stairway to Heaven. Holy Marriage is implied.

    Hierogamos is something very few attempted
    and succeeded in, but medieval Venice is e.g.
    full of "patera"s, reliefs showing more or
    less pervert alchemical allusions to Hiero
    Gamos. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia /unihipili

    Dali was not bashful, or was he? Sedna is
    about extremes and yes we have to check for
    extreme unbashfulness here as well as it seems:)

11. Personal New Jerusalem. The Supper of the Lamb.

    The fixation of second attention. Dreamy
    state. Daydreaming. Truemind. Awake in
    dreams, dreaming awake; thus visions
    and contact with the inorganic. The
    inorganic will often "adopt" the form
    of popular (e.g. christian) saints and
    deities. Nevertheless, this position is
    one of the genuine visionary (always
    doublecheck). Visions of angels.

    Intending the other world of one's choice,
    thus creatign a whole new world or recreating
    i(nten)t. Musical ascension. Ethereal and
    astral "storms". Apocalyptic scenary by
    the sea. Coastliners. The lack of faith 
    triumphs in faith. The NEMO or Zero formula.

    Master of n0thing. No more tears to weep.
    Absolute clearing and yet one remains the same
    to the bitter end. AVE MARIA STELLA MARIS.

    Revelation. An angel standing in the sun. 
    
    Sedna is about things far that do not
    come near too often. It's orbit thus
    project darshans. What are gods but
    planets? I am being nasty sitchinian
    at this point. I feel his Nibiru IHVH
    conjuncture has much sane sensei in it.

    In the vedas, some weird fellows would
    evoke (adwaita vedanta invokes) deities
    adwaiting for them aeons (a long time).

    Why so? The orbit of the spiritual planet
    carrier requires time. This is of course
    a fascinating denikenian field. What do
    the authorities have to say? The authorities
    fall apart at this time. Perhaps checking
    with Vivekananda lodge sometimes. 

    Real jyotish should help us study the
    spiritual planets. Could we form an alliance
    with vedic astrology? Should we? We should.

    Seeing ahead , alliance with deity. Whatever
    inorganic can hook to the picture and fancy
    of a deity so extra majikal expertise is
    needed in cases of wanna"official" visions.

    The inorganic is whatever being, scout,
    "demon", "angel", or elementary being
    that comes our way. There are scores
    of them, all dangerous, thus wear your
    O5 hat and disbelieve in topknot cakras.

    The deity protects the worshiper. This house
    is called PROTECTORES as popular fancy has
    wiged angels being _good_ beings. Angels
    ( = would be allies) are rough to wrestle with. 
    
    And they lived happily everafter! 

    (The 11th house comes after the 10th).   
    	    
    Love(rs) forever. Strong majikal protector!!!
    Several lineage of gurus and majikians protect
    the natus. A magus coming from afar helps!!!

    Covenant, thus love forever with the deity.
    This is not so romantic or ideal in "real
    life", but again, why not?

    Inspired, visionary, possibly darshan, the
    avatar comes to meet (descends) the natus.

    Wartime. Ra-Hoor-Khuit? The evil fixation of second attention.
    Visiting the feudal lord. Bribing the nagual?

    Depending on the feudal lord. Presenting astrological
    or astronomical calculus to the feudal lord.

    Presenting a vision = darshan = communion with
    deity to the official (Jupiter = guru) ecclesia.

    Publishing books on astronomy and astrology
    as well. This must be excellent with Sun Saturn Uranus.

    Calculating a horoscope for the feudal lord.

    This position may be one of new discoveries,
    theories, bold new cosmogonical concepts.

    Perhaps the owner is rich (second house from
    tenth = profit from enterprise).

    Spiritually rich. The seer?

    Predicting for the feudal lord. Predicting feudal lord's
    mishap or lack of eficacious protection.

    Protecting the feudal lord, overlord.

    The protector? Healing the plague? Rich enterprise,
    especially with 2002 AW197. Taking care of the planet?
    Political astrology?

    Majikal protection? Perhaps hebrew talismans. 

    The position might have to do with hebrew vibrations, 
    temples and written charms.    
 
    Pylenor 1994 TA is the immortality centaur. Watch
    out for it's angular placement and aspect when
    checking for darshan. The immortal manifests
    in Pylenor. See http://groups.google.com or
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html for Pylenor
    (Juan Antonio Revilla proposed this name).

    Since angels come under the 11th house, this is the
    special position for a darshan. The visible manifestation
    of the deity. 

    Angels adopt various non-enochain forms, as well. One feels
    his ascendental guardian angel, which brings us to the main
    topic astrology is about: angels (heads). What is one's true
    ascendant and it's angel? This is not a matter of simple
    calculation or evocation but can and _must_ be done if
    one is to be an astrologer. I personally know one single
    non-astrologer that evokes this point.

    Written hebrew spells summon angels.

    Much chaos can be brought about by unexpert hands handling
    a hebrew incantation. This may be the position of Solomon.
 
12. Spring Sedna rising with the Sun. For centaurean astrologers:
    yes, the circle with the dot hidding in the minor planetary
    forest between perhaps such _familiar_ stuff as 2002 UX25
    and Thereus is the Sun, the malefic ego-center and Lord of
    this World, the usurper. Our Lord Neptune may be hidden
    between 1999 OX3, Damocles and a dozen illustrative objects.

    It is well known from Enuma Elish who are the bad guys of
    this system so when you see MU.MU (they nicked it Mercury)
    conjunct Sedna, frown with knowledge. For the rest we hope
    Sedna rising catches some gothic atmosphere as we're
    awaiting reports from people waking up in locations like
    Tintagel, ideally after a nighttime of obscure rituals.

    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html (hope it's still there)

    It is obscure why should the house of the rising sun be
    hated by the very astrologers who "believe" in let the
    sunshine in. This house with Sedna may be more like the
    Mists of Avalon, jokes apart; e.g. the entrance in the
    abode of nibiric Gods for(a good piece of inorganic)ever.

    Crowology. Crows spelling out omens. "Saturnian" position.
    Special birds sent by God like in the case of Eliah (cheese
    raven) or even ritualchemical nightbird Ming Yee |:|:::

    Mist. Fog. Gothic. Good omens. Nevertheless good position for
    marriage (possibly eceptional cases like the coupling of majikal
    beings). Special omens. The dark night of the soul is over.

    Bad issue? Hidden victory? Quickly out of the Temple? The Temple
    of the Fast Redemption. O5. Chief druid. The Pope in Sicily. 
    The kayak. Niagara Falls. Transilvania Waterfalls.

    This is a very amusing position. The 12th house is in fact one of
    the rising Sun and the Sun rises with Sedna in spring.

    Portraying Eva archetype. Bewitched by dangerous charms.
   
    Seductive position? Secret dream of every man. The bad girl
    is not very bad when mine or in my dreams. Women capturing
    and fixing man's attention to their low cakras. Perhaps
    lingerie like stockings, suspenders, most probably large
    hips, body shape a-la-Sophia Loren (needs other Venusian
    - Lunar aspects to confirm to?).

    The witch, her eyes. Feigning 

    The 1st, 6th and 12th houses are most certainly connected to
    marine ecology, the sea and a sort of initiation. See also
    Varuna delineation. The first house is like the song of the
    old sea, the 6th enmeshes sea's secrets and is dangerous.
    Fire at the sea bottom? The 12th house is like the release
    from the sea, shooting up and forth, killing the raven of time.
 
    Sedna strangely wards off large animals, albeit near by Menkar
    attracts them. No large or wild animal will harm, but hazard
    seems imminent and rather obvious. Risky circuswork pays off.

    Crows pertain to Puck as Oberon should not be distant. Puck
    and Oberon and gods who haunt this place. 

    Raven was the _silent_ priestess (Binah :|||::) of Avalon.
    We expect some dignified silent compO5ture along with bad
    omens or at least clarvoyancy here.

    Portraying Eva (ChVH) archetype. Enticing sad libido. The
    dangerous woman. Bewitched by her charms. 

    Animals are often demons. Adam gave the names to all of the demons.
    
 Unihipili is the grasshopper of kahuuna lore. True Mind is a little
 thing, generally dominated by the default mind. Cities are the same,
 just skycreepers nowdays, minds are more or less default. Defaulters
 go around consuming default. Only True Mind saves from the flood.
    
    The Unihipili article is pasted below. Truemind emerges:
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia/unihipili

    Trueming and moksha are the same. Liberation from Sednaquas.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

    We don't suppose the house Franz Bardon has his own Sedna in,
    as we introduce it here for the sake of record. Sedna is overaspected
    in the magus incarnation horoscope but it is most remarkably the
    Saturn Mars midpoint as it seems responsable for the magician's
    captivity. Namely the nazi and a black lodge succeeded in torturing
    the magus. This is a complex subject and horoscope I must leave
    to more expert times. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna frabato

    Frabato's supposed troubles with the undines and watery element
    had a happy ending after dire danger. The depths are there to teach.

    In direction:

    An incarnated nymph. One way communication. Secret love affair 
    which is the same love affair within the same sincere and open
    love affair. Discovering one's 12th house as the treasurehouse
    of images (Thesairon Eidolon). Going to the extreme of the extremes.
 
    Kayak man. Entering one's deep programs. Becoming one with the boot
    sector. Not facing oneself any more but being oneself. Discovering
    oneself, one's own true passions. Hodden places. Marshes, ebbs.

    Lurid marshes> flies> dry sick ground> Then the sea. Water inundating.
    
    The song of the sea. Sea inside sea outside. Communion with the sea. 
    
    Tibet. Himalaya. Dalai Lama as the Sea of Consciousness.

    Modest tourism. Dirty beaches. The morbid fashion of the coast
    liners. Sounds lead to second attention. Sea shells. There is 
    no Shell Beach. Unihipili. The reemergence of Truemind.  

    Aquas. 

    In direction can mean also Sedna transiting the 12th house or
    Sedna in teh 12th solar return house.      
  
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia/unihipili
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna

 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 One should not be misled by non-astrologers who "think" Sedna is in
 Taurus. It will slip in Taurus from Cetus in a couple of years (up
 coming article, coupling Venus' approach to Hydra and Orcus).

Sedna   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7
2003VB12   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7

 Sedna is of course delineated in Cetus. It happens that Orcus 
 is in Hydra, Quaoar in Ophiucus and so on. All this constellations
 are not only ascendantal, they're also zodiacal. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28

 Sedna is _not_ in Taurus yet. In a couple of years, Orcus becomes
 actual, with Venus approaching Hydra (Venus is heading towards Orion
 this summer; see "Venus in Orion" article http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra)
 while Sedna changes constelation. Sedna's constellation change seems
 remarkable, since it does not happen too often. Pluto most often than
 not skips Pisces and Aries, heading through Cetus towards Taurus; 
 Sedna dives in much the same fashion, generally speaking. This will
 puzzle the tropical astrologer, but then the days of tropicana were
 counted at least ten years ago. "Jungian" 5-asteroid astrologers are
 lO5t in some newagish hell. We stand at a new frontier called Oort's
 cloud and those who are purpO5ely unaware of 1992 QB1 are hopelessly
 10 years late. Meaning Interenet will swarm with "delineations" made
 by people who have decent ideas about Chiron and deal with Vesta and
 a couple of main-belt asteroids (major asteroid Eunomia excluded).

 People not familiar with centaurs, SDO, cubewano and plutino objects
 will be puzzled at Sedna. Ready ideas won't help much. They should 
 delineate Orcus, since it "has no name". Yahooing for deep 
 mythological cut'n'paste delineations won't make an astrologer.

 Sedna can be delineated by people who delineated 1992 QB1. They will
 know it's nature and will apply a long tested _method_, testing the
 orbit, perihelion, applying mythology with taste where required. This
 kind of folk has no problem delineating an "unnamed" object. 

 Varuna, Ixion and Quaoar were all un-named when delineated. 
 
 Sedna is not named yet. It is still 2003 VB12. 
 
 Abouts:
 
 28 Constellation Zodiac http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 Our Newsgroup: news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5 
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 Extrazodiacal Astrology http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 
( Cetus bis )
 
 Why Cetus? Because it is a _zodiacal_ constellation. Misconceptions
 have the zodiac a 12 constellation ring, when it is a 13 (Ophiucus!)
 constellation ring as concerns the Sun. The Sun journeys through
 13 constellations. But the Moon, Pluto and the planets journey
 through 28 constellations! This is largely out of reach for the
 practical (?) 12zodiacal (often "tropical") astrologer. This
 astrologer is _not_ concerned with the way things are (or were),
 he deals with inexisting positions, impossible conjunctions,
 immersed in a virtual simplified equinoctial model of the
 constellations, good enough for some old egyptian primary 
 school perhaps, but not good at all for serious research. 
 No wonder astronomers keep laughing at tropical astrologers:
 they deserve it in many ways. So do the siderealists and the 
 vedic. All of them refuse to take a simple glance at the sky.

 Cruithne in Auriga is probably NOT a zodiacal position.
 A very tiny stripe of Auriga _is_ zodiacal. Therefore not
 all of the Auriga constellation _is_ zodiacal. This is largely
 unknown among astronomers. In fact after my own amateuresearch
 it is by sheer chance I've found a couple of astronomers who
 worked on this problem back in 1977. perhaps on this planet
 there's more than 5 astronomers aware of the 28 zodiac, but
 in my modest life I have no feedback that it is so. Please
 feedback! If we have no zodiac, we have no astrology!

 When you hear about 2002 AA29 in Lepus or NEAT in Eridanus,
 you may doubt zodiacality, but Moon in Auriga is in fact a
 zodiacal position. The zodiacal is or should be defined as
 the strip the planets travel through, right!?

 Studying the strip is our business. Now when Saturn is in
 Orion it means Orion is a zodical position, since a planet
 like Saturn (and other planets, too) resides in this most
 enchanted constellation.

 Centaurean astrologers have the opportunity to study 2002
 AA29 and the centaurs in the most wonderful and meaning
 positions like the Pi (ANKh) stars of Orion; the malefic
 Xi stars (Xi2 > WTC > Usama). Bellatrix, Betelguese, but
 also Al Nitak, Al Nilam (O5IRIS penis!). Mintaka is Dalai
 Lama's ascendant, thus Orion is not only a zodiacal
 constellation (time and aeon permitting!), but also
 an ascendental constellation. Bellatrix lovers will
 ... love it! Bellatrix is of course not any near Gemini,
 what do you think? http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /O5IRIS

 More Abouts:
 
 Orion and Tapir http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 Enuma Elish, Tiamat, Nibiru http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 Valentine Centaur http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/centaurs /2004CJ39
 Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar /quaoar.html
 Transneptunians http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/2003 /tno
 All Objects on http://groups.google.com
 Archives http://www.escribe.com/theory/puck
 Ixion & the Centaurs intro http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 
 = Sedna = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
      
 Sedna is our first big Oort cloud object.

 It is a cold distant world.

 Where is Sedna? It is coupled with Venus and Menkar at this time.
 This objects can be observed e.g. in the evening in Europe. The
 "planet" or Oort cloud object is in Cetus constellaton. 
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna

 = Sedna delineation = 
 
 This particullary happy delineation is completely free of any
 apocalyptic omen that was glooming our astrology in the case 
 of Orcus and Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 /c/
 
 At the time I am checking this, Sedna is still officially
 a centaur object. Source: Harvard MPC. I leave my old notes
 here for historical reasonsand amusements. After all, it
 _is_ the history of astrology!

 Since the article was written before any NASA communication,
 the only way I can call 2003 VB12 is an Oort Cloud Object
 (OCO). Thus the object is not a "supercentaur" and the
 classes of objects have increased by one. We have the
 first real Oort Cloud Object. Orcus is a KBO, a plutino.

 The hacking went like this: Chad's site contained a
 /sedna directory, but the objet's name wa wrong: 2003 VB16.
 We recall there was a change in designation (I remember a
 mail exchange with Jon Giorgini of NASA JPL, roughly November
 2003). Now NASA JPL did not have 2003 VB12 on it's server
 (the better to warm up expectation?), and I guess it was
 unavailable from Harvard. But we had the object in our
 data bases and were able to delineate before the announcment!

 The larger public had no idea of the nature of the object
 but we did remember something we used to call (?) supercentaur.
 Obscure are the paths of astrology. I am writing this very
 obscure notes having in mind the youngsters that are liable
 to read this. Hacking on daily basis won't be anything but
 joy for the new generation!

 When I resimulated 2003 VB12 Sedna I saw it was in Cetus.
 Excellent. So it is of course not in any "decent" constellation.
 We have everything to say about Cetus, you and I, don't we?
 And, what a lucky coincidence! Sedna itself is the Whale Queen!
 They will surely proclaim it (and I agree!) eco-terrorist!
 The night before the announcement apparently on impulse and for
 no special reasons I insisted myself into listening to
 dolphin music. It is thus that intuition puffs starpowder our
 way. One can actually _talk_ to a "planet" instead of just
 checking charts and houses. I did that e.g. with mysterious
 Vestalis of the Lutz Rathke planets (see darkplanets).

 Briefly checking with MPC on Mar 18th I see they still have
 2003 VB12 under "centaurs". There's much hype and politic$
 in all this Sedna mess. 2003 VB12 has been known to us since
 November 2003, whatever it's designation, object class or
 purpose. There was no need to hide it on purpO5e before some
 "official" presentation. I noticed the NASA JPL HORIZONS Sun
 Sparc slowed down since the D-day for Sedna:)
 
 We are familiar with the object as it's designation changed
 from 2003 VB16 to 2003 VB12. It was discovered last year and 
 variousely scheduled as "centaur". The somewhat obscure
 designation was made still more obscure by quoting 2003 VB16
 on the official discovery page (more or less a "hidden" one).

 While this article is the product of a "hack" before any NASA
 communication, it nevertheless confirms to several points in
 the nature of the object, known or unknown. The delineation
 is not mythology-based at this time.
 
 Sedna is in Cetus in most horoscopes. This means you can have
 Sedna rising along with your Cetus ascendant. Cetus rising in
 the East is a daily matter. The Moon is in Cetus once or twice
 a month and the maps show other objects of interest in this
 zodiacal constelation http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra/cetus

 Astronomers have determined Cetus is a zodiacal constellation
 around 1977. The true astronomical zodiac thus consists of 28
 constellations http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 some of them ascendental
 meaning they can rise in due east at this time and age.

 When the Moon or Venus are in Cetus, they are delineated in that
 constellation. Pluto can be in Cetus but it cannot be in Aries or
 Pisces. The simscans show Pluto and the lanets in Cetus.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra /cetus 
 
 Cetus http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /extra /cetus is a zodiacal constellation
 since the planets, Pluto and the Moon, as well as a variety of minor 
 planets swarm this large and legendary constellation.

 The Moon is in Cetus once or twice a month and will visit this part
 of the sky in the summer months, too, e.g. around Aug 4th 2004.
 
 The seventh house is the region above the western horizon. 
 Horizons can play tricks in Inuit regions, where the Sun
 is said to rise in the West at times. /d/

 We use astronomy to determine the horizon. Sedna above the 
 western horizon warrants a sincere relationship.

 The object is full of dolphin energy. Several spiritual groups
 use to initiate their members into astral dolphin realms, as
 one can meet his dolphin guide. This guides are very faithful. 
 
 The houses full of dolphin energy are the 7th and 2nd houses.
 The 2nd house is below the horizon (which is seldom true in
 so-called popular tropical calculus). http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28

 A particulary painful situation is marked with Sedna in Nadir
 position (due North). AVE MARIA STELLA MARIS. The bitter sea 
 of discreation treats our ships like nutshells. Qlippoth are
 disposed of as the salt doll becomes One with the Ocean through
 pain and grief. Pierced is the Heart of our Queen. This is Sedna
 in grief. The position is not very good for lovers and marriage
 as one of the two might resort to black voodoo, possibly...
 (Note this is a provisory delineation only!).
 
 The 4th house is one of grief, suggesting repentance. Perhaps
 family affairs smeck of bitter Binah energy as Sedna sinks our 
 hopes as if aided by her shaman raven husband. This is clearly 
 a classical Saturn in Libra vibration.

 The stars are spirits, rather than mere gas. The transneptunian
 KBO (cubewano, plutino) are more than mere icy rocks. Inorganic
 beings initiate the magus, as they are often classified as stars.

 The errors of tropical astrology are many. See Alan Leo under
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu for an initiation into horizons proper.

 Notes:

 Students study Orcus in Crater. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 /Orcus 

 Fish-nets extend to Internet. Caught in the midst of the Net. 
 Sacrificed. Short lived? Tranquil, blessed, good salary. Immune 
 to any attack. Those are some of the + and - keys to be classified.

 2003 VB12 "Sedna"  ( this is an "early" note, the ephemeris should
                      be fairly reliable by the time one reads this )
 
 If we don't want to be _too_ precise, Crowley's Sedna is
 "tropically" at 2 Aries of longitude. We can "integrate" 
 precisely, for Lord Krsna and Buddha, too; but at this 
 stage we are happy with an "estimation". 
 
 1875-Jun-06 00:00       2.6384036  -7.6638753
 1875-Sep-25 00:00       2.3307673  -7.7446282
 
 Crowley

 The ephemeris were produced online by Jon Giorgini's HORIZONS 
 integrator, NASA JPL, Pasadena, CA.
 
 /a/ http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /5gram MIKAL as Regulus. 

 /b/ Scores of modern astrologers and myriads of clients enjoy the
     wrong position here. Many have e.g. Neptune in 6th when it should
     be in the 7th house. Check Alan and Dane http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
     for clues. It might well be your case. The same applies for the
     12th and 1st house switch and (work in progress) seemingly even
     for the 5th/8th house switch in some odd cases (?). 

 /c/ Varuna wasn't a happy delineation either. Ixion bore some joy, 
     majik, perhaps even fair sex, achemy and variety. Varuna smecked
     evil gods and Quaoar pushed us into war. Darkplanet Lamia conjunct
     Pluto prepared the jihad stage. Now the jihad scenary is strangely
     quiet and no atomic bombs were set in metropolic undergrounds. This
     puts us off guard, which is always good for someone. 

 /d/ Quoting Curly Mae from Alkavik. Ne pivo:( 

 Looking for an OMEN is like looking for NEMO. NEMO is the Magister
 Templi, the One who has no other, one that has lost his self. Mind
 less and sharkproof, one expands in infinite oceans without shores.

 The object can be directed. Here an example of a transit. Sedna
 squaring natal Uranus in transit and the owner of the position
 gets involved in an airplane (Uranus) war. Let it be noted that
 the airplanes flew one meter above the surface of the sea, thus
 invisible to radars. The conflict ended almost without casualities.

 Abouts:
 
 Enuma Elish, Tiamat, Nibiru http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 Constellation Zodiac http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 Valentine Centaur http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/centaurs /2004CJ39
 Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar /quaoar.html
 Transneptunians http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/2003 /tno
 All Objects on http://groups.google.com
 Archives http://www.escribe.com/theory/puck
 Ixion & the Centaurs intro http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 Our Newsgroup: news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5 
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 Extrazodiacal Astrology http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra

 /* Sedna, astrology, delineation, horoscope, Orcus, Quaoar,
 ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist, Oort Cloud, 2003 VB12, new planet?, Oort cloud
 object, Pluto+not+planet, astrological, 12 houses, ephemeris,
 NASA JPL, alt.astrology.moderated */

 The Orcus delineation is preceded by an initiation in IAU Compatible
 astrology


 "In roaming omniverse one is at home."

 IAU Compatible Astrology
                http://neodruid.tk /sedna /28

 Introducing Different Viewing Angles for your Chart

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved.

 Oberon and Titania conjunct May 1st 2004.

 This might be one of the astrological joys for
 fairy lovers and druids, but is also an astrological
 event of great ineterest to babies and mothers as 
 well; namely Titania and Oberon marry when conjunct. 

 The conjunction is as seen from Uranus, of course,
 in your uranocentrical horoscope layout you might 
 be familiar with, since you're an astrologer (e.g. 
 using Uranus arc directions). 

 Mothers will be pleased to know the conjunction is 
 fairly favorable to babies and birthgiving in general.

 Astrologers will check the uranian chart for Alpha
 Pegasi. This short introduction does not allow for
 all the magick Pegasus has to offer as ascendental
 constellation. 2002 TX300 giant transneptunian
 object is of course "near the conjunction", 
 astrologically speaking. Uranian skies often
 hold only two objects of interest above the
 horizon. we will touch upon various planetary
 ascendants later on in this article (the Venusian
 Ascendant has been conveniently picked to attract 
 attention to most interesting ways to scan omniverse,
 i.e. your true natal skies). 
 
 Holy druidic marriages are possible especially for
 the advanced evocational magus skrying to the Uranus 
 sphere in astral. One such was Prahlada Maharaj as
 mentioned in the Orcus and Sedna delienations on 
 site http://neodruid.tk /sedna /Orcus 
 Ever seen an animated secondary extrazodiacal
 direction of Pluto in Coma Berenices? You will.

 While nature is still young we plant our seed,
 particullary when Venus and Moon :|:::| cooperate
 (:|: = Moon, ::| Venus direction or transit). 

 A lenghty delineation is possible for the advanced
 skryer in astral or vedic yogi. Vedic astrology can
 allude to astral planets improving the astrologers
 knowledge of omniverself. 

 Such expansions of astrological knowledge foster
 our better understanding of the tottality of our
 spaceborne Self. Suprarchangel Mysefial so-to-speak,
 one in command of the cardinal archangel-stars.

 While the Sun is in Orion for Quaorians (we know of
 inorganic inhabitants all over the system as 
 they are documented in astrological literature,
 no, not the amusing booklets that pass as such),
 it might (and as matter of fact, it _is_) in Corvus
 for the inorganic inhabitants (if such are reported 
 to exist) of 2002 TX300. 

 Corvus can easily be linked to Puck and so on as one
 progresses along the astrological - mythological - 
 majikal path. To have a (monor) planet or moon in 
 Corvus is quite regular, so the constellation must
 have been studied. Corvus is said to be one of the
 Tiamat (Hydra) demons (ministers). /2/  

 About Astronomical Software at Large 

 It comes natural to check for star positions with
 the use of astronomical software. The same software
 will show you your real ascendant in what we call
 due east, the eastern skies (mine is Monoceros),
 as well as local Moon, centaurs, plutinos, comets,
 cubewanos, SDO, Aten and other groups of objects. 

 Disclaimer:

 This article has really nothing to do with
 vedic, sidereal, jyotish or tropical astrology.
 It does have to do with the way ancients would
 use a computer. Virtual gaze into a maze.


 Astronomical software and star gazing helps
 understanding the material and energies
 astrology works with, spirits including.

 Cosmocentrical astrology picks a viewpoint that
 suits the analysis. We are astromapping omniverse.

 The conclusion and research is on you. We are
 aware it is already hard to understand a natal
 chart. It needs seconds, often minutes to
 determine the client's 1st marriage year. 

 Astrological software at large largely distorts
 the real solar system and it's relationship to
 the starry background. People are make amazing
 errors especially in the field of conjunction. 

 A considerable amount of error is due to the
 misunderstanding of the position of the planets.

 No astrologer to my knowledge except astronomers
 and rare centaurean astrologers will even know
 the true natal constellation his Sun was in.

 Moon miscalculations are pardoned since it is
 vary hard to calculate this object, especially
 for the location and elevation one is born at.

 Ascendants _change_ with precession. This is
 largely misunderstood. One cannot possibly
 have Aries ascending at this time, but there
 were times when Crater and aries did ascend
 in due east.

 One will argue we use the ecliptic path instead
 of east. This misplaces the planets as concerns
 houses. You might have Neptune in 7th and not
 know it, or worse. The precise latitude of the
 object is to be taken into account and much more
 beyond my computing skills. 

 Omniverse should be observed 4D at least, or 3D
 or using a good 2D simulation. 

 Astrologers had a spirit-guide instead, but we
 have software, also produced by spirit-guides,
 like e.g. "delphinian" guides who helped me
 write Sedna's delineation. http://neodruid.tk
 /sedna such guides can be evoked by astologers.

 My own guide for Sedna seas was Silver Belt.
 sometimes that kind of intelligence can even
 phone you! Or send an SMS +385911081084

 What is new after the introduction of the IAU
 compatible 28 constellation zodiac? We shifted
 view to see yur horoscope better. In fact we are
 having Earth or Oberon in your chart, objects
 previously undelineated and improbable to find
 in one's chart. Well we really have fun researching
 and delineating impossible objects and decided to
 have them all in your chart. Thus we are moving into
 a 3D astrology, an idea that astrologer and programmer
 Ed Falis of alt.astrology.moderated had in mind long ago.

 The horoscope becomes sightseeing! How much have we
 advanced! We need seconds to determine marriage and
 that without any tools, imagine using pen and paper!

 Amazing. Pen and paper. I can actually write down
 records, all the love of one's life. The primary
 directions. Calculate better...

 Spectrum ZX. Jayne. So much possibilities.

 Astronomical simulation. The final tool of
 modern astrology. Input cubewanos. Export
 animation. Yes, horoscopes are animated!


 When your Mercury enters Sextans by secondary
 direction it is of course animated in that
 constellation. we need no special software
 for that since astrologers always made use of
 astronomical software in teh first place. It
 comes natural to check for star positions with
 astronomical software.

 We animate sightseeing. as everybody is familiar
 with secondary rogressions, we animate them in
 real IAU constellations, so you can check for events
 when that Moon enters cetus, or Mercury retrogrades
 into Sextans, or Venus enters Hydra.

 The astrologer familiar with Moon in Auriga will
 predict accordingly. No more need to use fiction
 = a set of inexisting "zodiacal signs", any more.

 The horoscopian industry feeds on false horizons.
 They will never allow for any article of this
 degree to be published. They will rather close
 the site. Your life means nothing to them as
 they pump out unsensical mass desinformation.

 Checking for the ascendant I have Orion rising
 with every familiar star like the Pi stars, the
 Ank of O5IRIS. This is what we call the ascendant
 as ever something rising in the east. And east
 means east. So we don't miscalculate our own
 natal positions like astrologers used to /1/

 There is no dark side of the Moon any more?
 Let us say we'll snoop around every object to check
 it out. Isn't it what you would do within your
 neighborhood
             ???

 If your Earth is square, you think Spica Virginis is
 in Libra. Square deal. Programs lie to suit misleading
 ideas. Yes, they lied! Astrologers having no idea of
 their own ascendant or planetary positions filled
 your shelves and are still filling them at large.

 No wonder astronomers shun astrologers!

 But no more. This time we are compatible. 

 Is there a special reason to observe a city from
 one area only? Big Ben standpoint? Thames fish
 point? Zeppelin standpoint? Soho dog standpoint?

 Paris cannot be seen from one point only. In
 roaming omniverse one is at home.

 To observe home one quits home. Yes, we shall
 have planet earth and Cruithne, 2002 AA29 and
 our primary Moon (Xingu) in our charts. We had
 them before, only we perhaps did not know.

 We will not crush geocentrical topocentrical and
 nonsensical astrology. You will! It is amazing
 that people using an unexistant 12 sign zodiac
 think themselves astrologers! Such folks have no
 idea of their own Sun position but presume to
 guide others. Their horoscopes are blinders.

 People have speculated on working out a horoscope
 from Mars one day. Well, we're actually doing it.
 We are in fact horoscoping from Phobos on regular basis.

 "But let us observe that from Phobos. See? Your
  torch is up! Changes come this way as planets
  shift position into their real perspective."

 It is hard to see all the aspects of one chart
 standing on one planet only. So we shift to see better.

 In one case, Juno's influence was not clear to me, so I
 "went to Venus" and observed. Juno shifted to Bellatrix
 and all was clear.

 The idea and process is not old, it's just that it became
 operational as soon a phase in development was completed.

 Now we know ascendental constellations vary with time and
 ages as Crater or Monoceros rise. The zodiacal constellations
 are more or less 28 in number all of the time.

 http://neodruid.tk /28 http://neodruid.tk /nu

 There was criticism about "my web pages".
 When you will produce 700 Mb of Quaoar material
 you will know one doing research has simply no time
 for any web page. Worse. Perhaps he has no connection
 and works on an i386 or worse. Mind this. Concentrate
 on the substance. Study the maps. Then you will have
 enough of fancy web sites. I invited web masters to
 download (wget) the site (a couple of gigabytes)
 and upoad the web pages via ftp. My time is up. 


 Shall I climb the pyramid to see the pyramid?
 Snoop around the pyramid? Fancy it? Enter it?

 Every angle of observation adds to the experience.
 Our IAU compatible astrology shifts angles for the
 advantage of the analysis. 

 What is Cruithnocentrix?

 The word is to attract attention to a pO5sibility
 in actualization: we are recreating a new astrology
 based on the IAU (modern astronomical) standards.

 The maps show ypur horoscope from various advantage
 angles, e.g. it is best to observe Juno from Venus
 by the very character of those objects.

 We were born and live in Space, not "on Earth".
 You might not move from Paris, but you inhabit
 this planet and Moon neighborhood. You can be
 observed from outer space. In fact you are, God
 permitting.

 http://neodruid.tk /sedna/28

 Astrology has been always based on inorganic evocation
 and astronomical gazing.

 The astrologer was and is a rare fellow into evocation
 (thus inorganic initiation) and astronomy.

 Our druids were astrologers.

 Precision is sacred. There is so much misconception,
 erroneous preassumption at the core of what goes by
 "astrology" to this new age day that it can be discarded
 completely. You can throw your magazines in the holy
 pyre. Keep your astronomy books.

 You will find no astrological information in colorful
 books and best seling magazines. All is wrong there.

 The zodiac is a band where the planets rotate.
 It consists of 28 IAU constellations (not 13 or even
 12 as some "believe").

 http://neodruid.tk /28

 It is out of the purpose of this article to go and elaborate
 on _all_ of the errors your natal chart _must_ contain to
 be your natal chart as your local astrologer "believes"
 it to be.

 We don't just believe. People who made star maps did not
 just believe, they observed, sorted, were inspired and
 produced rituals.

 You can believe Spica Virginis is in Libra, but in fact it
 is of course in Virgo constellation.

 You can believe your ascendant is this or that but looking at
 your natal skies it is Sextans and mine is Monoceros. Those
 are visible ascending constellations no eye can deneye.


 /1/ Alan Leo, Dane Rudhyar and others
     http://neodruid.tk /nu

/2/ See also Enuma Elish http://neodruid.tk /usenet.html
 
 >>>

 = Orcus Delienation =
 
 Since babies born at this time often have Hydra ascending,
 many of them are already "marked" with a Orcus ascendant!
 
 = Orcus = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus Updates
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac

 It seems we have a new object in astrology. While Quaoar
 was delineated in Ophiucus, 2004 is in Hydra, both snaky
 zodiacal constellations. Many of you have Sun in Ophiucus
 but nobody in Hydra. Planets, minor planets, as well as 
 the ascendant are nevertheless often in Hydra, an interesting
 long constellation as concerns size, depth and mythology. 
 
 Hydra ascending with Orcus for newborn babies shown for 
 various locations, 5 pm Glasgow, 17:11 Rio, 16:30 Charlotte, NC.
 Various appendixes incorporated in this text, as well
 as the newsgroup and our Archives explain the mysterious
 facets of 28zodiac astrology while introducing new ones.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html

 Orcus in Canis Minor: Death, lost battle, ressurectiOM.
                         Slain god cults.
 
 Orcus in Orion:  1957 was a peculiar year, indeed.
                    Family values, new colors and sounds,
                    leisure, fun, atomic bomb. Sicherheit
                    zu Erste. Protection is the main 
                    pO5sessiOM. Orators can be sincere.
                   
 Orcus in Hydra:  Dangerous waters! (present position).
                    One sleeps on sexualaurels. Lolita.
                    Lady Scarlet is teen!

 Since babies born at this time often have Hydra ascending,
 many of them are already "marked" with a Orcus ascendant!
 
 Orcus in Sextans: The Messiah. 2007 Venus in Hydra?

 Orcus in Crater: The time of the false prophets. LegislatiOM.

 Orcus in Corvus: Oberon and Puck revived in druidic England
                    and Syria. Dolphin cults. Inspection and
                    spiritual protection. The Holy Raven.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus /ng.html

 Time to discover your own position and those of your future
 children and favorite tiranitoes. We will use genuine ancient
 ways (stargazing) whernever it's possible to capture Orcus 
 's message, more or less messianic.
 
 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 666 is no longer alone

 Orcus in the 6th house is the Whore of the Apocalypse.
 
 Babalon's Progress 
 Orcus off Tiamat's Back and into the Apocalypse
 Will your daughter be born with Venus in Hydra?

 Largest discovery after Pluto! http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /Orcus 
 Astromajikal Delineation and Update, Mar 5th 2004. 
 See = Adenda = for astrological novices, curious and the expert!
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /ng.html
 
 Note that we dismiss it's "position in Leo" as unsensical.
 Your local astronomer will, of course, agree. Your shaman
 will agree. Nature agrees. Star gazing confirms. So there's
 no need to pay attention to "Orcus in Leo" gibberish.
 When and if it's in Leo sometimes, we'll let you know.
 It may as well be it never reaches Leo proper. Pluto never
 reaches Aries or Pisces, so that would be no surprise!

 Introduction for the general reader:

 True Zodiac = Albeit generally assumed (?) the zodiac has 
 13 constellations, it has in fact 28 constellations (or 29
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 if we split Serpens Cauda from Serpens Caput). Hydra is 
 not only zodiacal, but also ascendental, meaning many of 
 you were born with Hydra ascending (since occult is at
 stake). One cannot e.g. have Aries ascending in due east.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac

 The 28zodiac has an astronomical rationale. After my own
 modest research triumphing in indian summer 2003, I have
 found by sheer chance a research has been conducted in
 the late seventies as a couple of astronomers (NC U.S.A.
 and Belgium) with the results published in popular format.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 
 The zodiac has 28 constellations, and if we exclude Pluto
 as planet (something already largely proposed), it has a
 convenient number of 24 (but astrlogers will use 25)
 constellations. This has nothing to do with outdated
 vedic calc and has everything to do with IAU. 

 Giant Transneptunians = objects larger than the main belt
 asteroids (e.g. Eunomia or Vesta). They are usually fall
 into cubewano (Varuna) or plutino (Ixion) class. The SDO
 or Scattered Disk Objects are also taken into account.
 Since 1992 we have discovered 800 transneptunians.

 Centaurs = popular lively objects "closer" to us. Chariklo
 and Hylonome are female centaurs. Among the others Cyllarus,
 Thereus, Nessus, Pelion, Chiron, Elatus, Pholus, 2004 CJ39.

 Extrazodiacal = A convenient term that may drop out soon
 as it served it's purpose. It may even create some confusion 
 when Pluto is degraded as plutino. Use "28 Constellations
 Zodiac" to upgrade from http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28

 Disposing of Pluto, we are left with a convenient (?) 24 
 constellations zodiac. In that cases constellations such 
 as Bootes would be called "extrazodiacal", along with Pluto's
 (a.k.a. "out of bounds") "extreme" = extrazodiacal positions.

 Ascendant = Eastern constellation and inorganic being (especially
 head or ascended master-star). Aries cannot ascend in due east at
 this time and age, but it used to at the time when Crater was an
 ascendental constellation, too. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu 4examples.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra for "extrazodiacal" (!:) constellations.

 One note: 

 The "13th" constellation is Ophiucus, a large strip of the zodiac.
 As the Sun spends an average of (roughly!) six days in Scorpius, it
 slips by Ixion into Ophiucus to meet Quaoar, Pluto, 2002 MS4 there, 
 along with the Moon, Mercury, Venus and (all) other planets, as well.

 For Pluto and Jupiter in Ophiucus see = Adenda = at the bottom of 
 this article. At the time you read this, Pluto may be moving into 
 Scutum (the resent position of Juno!: see Juno-minded appendix).

 Have a planet in Ophiucus? Search http://groups.google.com for 
 "Sun in Ophiucus" or "Venus in Ophiucus" delineations. That 
 applies for Saturn or Venus in Orion and other 28zodiacal
 poO5itions, "Venus in Hydra" including. 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac

 (continued)
 
 Whatever difficult position you may have in your nativity,
 hard work benefits. Monastery discipline is needed to overcome
 this object's influence. Abramelin would particulary elaborate
 on it, but we have Elipinon! http://www.lava.net/~pagios
 
 Statements like "Orcus in Leo" have no sense. By the way,
 Pluto is never in Aries or Pisces. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 Hydra is a long thing, so Orcus's journey through Hydra 
 roughly lasts 12 years. You can have Hydra ascending, of 
 course, in your own natal chart (but you can't have e.g.
 Aries ascending). Orcus in Hydra roughly 1984 - 2006.
 
 Parenting in 2007? You are not alone, either. 

 See also "Venus in Hydra". The site abounds with data
 pointing to possible special incarnations, especially in 2007!
 Parents should exercise extra timing and ritual!
 
 It seems like the devils blow their 13th trombone
 After giant Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/enter.html 
 we have Orcus. Lady Scarlet of the Apocalypse 
 bathes in her poisonous pool as female monsters 
 rise. Whoever saith antiChrist's a male?????????????
 The site includes the calculations and birthright of the
 antichrists. Will your daughter be born with Venus in Hydra?
 
 Lady antiChrist born yet? It may well be that cynical half
 jests and obscure astronomical hints nevertheless hide the
 truth. Masonry knows the starry Snake crowned with the Moon.
 Now when Venus approaches Hydra and the Moon brushes by...
 Venus is the maiden, Hydra (the Snake) and the Moon are part
 to the apocalyptical scenary. Prayers addressed to Holy Mary
 will be successful, as She counters the dramatic scenary with
 central return, peace and concentratiOM. 
 
 Our blood is poison to the lips of the Beast!

 An object larger than Quaoar has been recently discovered. 
 This article will require some familiarity with the True
 Zodiac made of 28 constellations. Those include Hydra, 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 (Tiamat, with it's demons-ministers-sattelites, riding on 
 it's back) Sextans, Crater, Corvus. Since Chariklo is a
 centaur, and so is 2004 CJ39, some knowledge about the
 centaur objects seems welcome. For an early Quaoar delineation 
 use: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar/quaoar.html Important
 objects like 2002 AW197 must be studied, too. One can
 use http://groups.google.com or our own search engines
 to obtain early delineations of any centaur or transneptunian.
 
 The greatest discovery after Pluto, Orcus receives it's
 first delineation. As we had Quaoar in houses, so we have

 Orcus in Houses  
 
 The largest discovery after Pluto may be the Devil Himself
 for some and Loving Guardian Angel for the rest. Such is
 it's dual nature. Man has two minds and it is Orcus that
 makes them clash asunder towards the apocalyptic End of Time.
 Orcus in Houses

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /ng.html
 
 Among the predictable and average errors will be this object's
 assignation to "tropical Leo", an unexisting and absolutely foul
 preassumption of the poor mind. 2004 is not nearly in Leo, it is
 in Hydra. Worse: it is not heading towards any "astrological"
 constellation, as the illustrations clearly show and purporting
 text discusses in some (even mythological) detail. 
 
 The other gross errors will spring from the aspects of Orcus.
 People assume the zodiac is some kind of ring. It is a belt 
 made of 28 constellations (not 13). While Orcus may hold
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 extrazodiacal positions (kind of tricky to check out), it
 nevertheless perfectly occupies _zodiacal_ constellations,
 such as Hydra, Sextans, Crater, Corvus, Orion, Aquila, to
 mention some. Venus is in Orion this summer so Orion is a
 zodiacal constellation. This truism will puzzle alanleist
 astrologers, more than his own inabillity to calc his chart.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /alan.leo /dane.rudhyar (corrections)

 Some will assume a distant Sun has this or that aspect, even
 conjunction with Orcus, while the objects will be constellations
 apart. This is largely an error with stars, such as Beta Persei
 or Scheat (or 2002 TX300 giant transneptunian) and a variety
 (actually majority!) of objects (including some planets!) with
 "out-of-bound" (bound?) positions, e.g. "extreme" (???) 
 declinations. First he assumes the zodiac has 12 (???) "signs"
 (?????), then he assumes all planet(oid)s "glide" along the
 same (fairly circular) track. Then errors spring. People
 already fancy conjunctions and even squares, since no one
 told them (you tell what you know) the basics. People thinking
 the zodiac has 13 (or even 12) "signs" are genuinely and raving 
 equinoctially mad. For all practical (?) purposes we assume Pluto 
 is a planet, and so most of you do assume there is something like
 a 12 sign zodiac. One took some school drafts too seriousely. 
 
 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /ng.html
 
 In North Carolina there's an observatory that knows the 28 zodiacal
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 constellations. And there's an astronomer in Belgium that agrees.
 The truth must be told to the ahstrological communtity (even if they
 won't listen), since there are rare "incarnations" among them that
 have "astrological" (or even astronomical) aspects in their charts.
 A few of them could study astrology. This would rise the number of
 astrologers on this planet from perhaps half a dozen to dozenful.

 (This is the first annotation, rough keywords used.)
 The houses are usually numerated and "understood" in
 a crooked way, e.g. the house of the rising Sun is
 labeled 12th, and has a particullary bad reputation.

 Let us be certain that the devil installs minds. Astrologers
 have minds. The suggestion is to use 12th=1st, 11th=2nd and
 so on. It is still better to use a 28 house system (allowing
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 29 for Caput and cauda Serpentis) in our fully operative and
 astronomically precise 28 constellation zodiac. 

 1. (Sedna in 10th serves as purport here:)

    Annunaki HQ (meaning usually the mothership mission control
    room piloting assembly). Headquarters of EN.LIL

    Same as Orcus on the eastern horizon. 

    ( Where Sedna in Cetus and Orcus in Hydra combine to the
      picture of a distant mothership and "watermonster" fleet
      Tiamut = cosmical submarines ). Chinese dragons, see:
   
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html 
    
    Crocodile suits of the Annunaki. IAIII BT c/o pilot.  

    Did you know Sedna pilots the crocodile of your local Green Man?
    See under "Sedna in the 10th House" as you become neoastrologer. 

 Sedna for Neodruids = A Complete Sedna Delineation for O5 PCS
 VirtPet Initiates http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/pcs 

    Midsummer dreamwork. Crocodile as VirtPet of the Green Man.

    Walking on velvet green. NEMO as Green Man. Cosmical submarine. 
    
    Solstice bells. Visions of angels. Neodruids. The boat of million
 
    year. Anunnaki. Flood. ENKI as green man. Far orbiting mothership.

Orcus on the eastern horizon:

    Three annunaki cosmic sumbarines. En.KI EN.LIL ANU.

    Thus "watersnake" or watermonster. 

    Lamia. Three watersnakes with female faces seduce the youth
    like Ida Pingala and Shushumna. Study Aquila and Leo. Alchemy.

    (In summer 2004 Juno flirts with Scutum as it lurks under Aquila's
     right wing (just to offer an example).
    
    Three maidens hold together. The Lamia. This is an apocalyptic
    version of the three graces. Lips venomed with poison?  

    Deep Yin winning without making a move Clearing a dispute
    without a sound. The silent, yet intriguing presence of the
    beloved. I promessi sposi. Ea bissa (Cae dea Bissa). 

    She says she does not like to bathe in the sea.

    Virgin Lamia. The original kundalini business.
    Virgin and proud. Lamia's first and last love.
    
    666 is allone, even after a ritual with a compatible Beast.
    NEM0's whiteness is not like silvery apparition. Brahma's
    womb is not sunnya sunnyata. Voidless Void. O5 NETI NETI. 
    Final annihilation. Loneliness. There's N0 0NE BUT ME!

    Agent Smith's "Me, me, me!". Projection. Futile riches.
    Gay cataclysm. Satan. The Fall. Ecliptic times. The primal
    wound. Left body stirring. The Dark Side. The triumph of 
    Naga Sadow. All fall! Hell is white. 
    
    The three-in-one vampirelike monster of the pool is however 
    devoured by their victim after having sex with him. Lamia is
    not a bad alternative (to Aiwass) for this object, at least
    while it venoms our perception pool with triurne kundalini.

    Wav files as opposed to mp3 files. Waves as opposed to life
    compression. cOMpress time, rather than life. Don't waste a
    second. Gulp it up. Devour the day.  

    Scarlet Lady masquerading as watermonster? Don't we have
    submarines? /1/

    (This appears to be one of the first hints to cosmical submarines!)
    (The ratial memories slowly unwind, waking up from the great sleep).

     dOZe off, will you? 

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.
 
 2. You give out too much of your energy for free, either unintentionally
    to the wrong doers or for the wrong or lack of purpose.
    This is bad for finantial matters.
 
    Personal power taps the temple. One protects his own with a hat. 

    Jesus Christ was ultimately sold. The formula
    of the dying God. Do not lend on interest. Save yourself 
    first. Keep $ome for yourself. 

    Your vital energy is beng sucked through as the vampire gets
    away with it. The sacrifice was accepted by the greedy inorganic,
    yet there is no receipt note or thanksgiving or ... anything left 
    in/for an exchange. 

    Hell's entrance. PORTA INFERNA. Set in the Desert. Lucifer.
    Particularly demoniac with Venus Lucifer position (in Hydra). 
    
    Lost aircrafts. Highjacking. Deliberately shot airplane.

 3. Good will prevail. True Mind triumphs in Silence and Intent.
    This is bad for merchandize, ego, transactions and the devil.
    Roughly meaning there is sympathy between the devil and the merchant.

    Satan's source code. The MatriX. The well of the snakes.
    Hell protecting the water of life. Black shiatsu.

 4. This position means Orcus is alligned with the north
    horizon. The position may have to do with automatic
    divination as propO5ed by the PCS system
  
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/pcs 

    Excellent for homely matters. Cosy home. Warm familiar
    atmosphere. A Note: but that may take quite some time!
    A promise of a warm hearth, even if family life has
    been less than ideal to this point. Note that we use
    the nadir + due North instead of mere I.C.

    Note that with Hydra North this is the Pool of the Lamia.
    A sort of Scarlet Lady's basin (of the blood of the saints).
    Love all serve bloody all.

    A very good position! Angel guardian. Homework for my students:
    when Hydra is due North, what do we face South? Love, lover,
    love affairs, friendly dispO5ition, basic sincere friendship,
    true communism, spirit of alliance, the ally, inorganic help.

    This can mean alliance from inorganic masters such as
    divining genius Elipinon.
  
    An ally-angel carries the acolyte beyond this world.
    "We will rock you little snake", devil rocked and warm in the
    cradle of fillit, as one gets away without it! Liberation
    with the help of the ascended Masters. Heads. Nadiric angel.

    Time to study your own chart's Nadir to determine your Angel
    of the Nadir. Rather tricky if you are familiar with I.C. only!

    Evocation of the nadiric inorganic entity. Sure success in all.
    This is also diskCretely fair material situation, all goes well.

    In horary astrology: SHE LOVES YOU!

    The stage of love. Actors inspired towards love with a shade of
    hate. Ego trip ends here?

    We can predict the rise of Nadiric astrology at this point!
    Too early since our horaries can't calc the Moon:)

    Meaning the pO5ition of the Moon is always tricky to determine,
    elevation and parallax and many things...

 5. Unsure of one's own jealousy. Too reserved or outspoken
    to be provoked into jealousy. One may even wish well one's
    own rival. The ultimate vendetta is Love. The futile triumph
    of the jealousy agent provocateur. Jealousy countered from
    the very start. Expert jealousy v/s juvenile training.

 Love is particullary stressed with Venus (and Orcus) in
 Cancer (the conjunctions in Hydra are interesting, and
 Sextans is yet another remarkable zodiacal constellation,
 rather inclined towards loneliness). 
    
    Love will devour everything, it's own vampire including.

    Turn around from lovesex. Get rid of that partner. 
    Sex as escape. Release of sperm and kundalini overweight.

    This is surely not a kundalinic obesity pO5sition. 

    Touch'n'go!

    One night stand.

 6. Queen Mother. Mother Mary!

    Indulgence. Love all serve all. Devour all?

    The apparition of Mother Mary. Vision of deity.
    Possibly genuine vision!

    Stoopig dragon? Satan bowing to the Redeemer?

    Artemides gave herself to All (Pan)
    and thus remained Virgin.

    The whore (serve all). Scarlet Lady.

    "Our Lady Babalon".

    A harlot will learn. 

    To banish (discreate), use sibiline verse addressed to Holy
    Queen Mother as given below.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

    Black Majik or new banishing rituals with Mars.

Exorcism (see also 7th house and western horizon).  
 
    Artemis gave herself to All (Pan)
    and thus remained Virgin.

    One girl for lifetime is all girls for lifetime.
    The relative choices of bigamy, poligamy or monogamy.

      Sri Satya Sai Baba. Love all serve all.

    Help ever hurt never.

 7. Excellent for marriage. Note that we use the western horizon
    instead of tropical astrology descendant. See our correction
    of Rudhyar and Leo http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /alan.leo /dane.rudhyar

    The wife as best enemy of the devil inside. Shy hermit is not
    Christ in hiding? Magdalen the Savior. Ciesa dea Madalena 
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia Piglet saving the Tiger.
    Invisible wife's allies, familiaries, the fallen, meek shall
    florish. Non-persons. An inorganic wife (dwarfish or orkish
    rather than undine).

    The partner as challenge. Holy Mary. The angerl of the western
    window. Exorcism. Holy Mary as savior of souls. The great battle
    of the evil and good forces in the nigh sky after dusk.

   The green grass of home. Familiar church and altar. Uranian
   majik. Descending into (trans)uranian hells. Facing one's
   alter-ego. The soothing and relevant proximity of a sanctuary.

 Towards the end of the crisis of the soul. Exorcism because the
 objects above the western horizon exit the hells introduced by  
 PORTA INFERNA (the second house). The underworld is of course
 the 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th and 6th house. The 6th house is the one
 of ritual majik, exorcism and Holy Mary.    

 Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
 Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
 dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
 will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

 
 IAU Compatible Astrology

 An extended comment on Orcus on the western horizon
 in Hydra constellation (descending).

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. 

 IAU Compatible Astronomical Astrology
 is free of gross errors in house and planet placement.
 So e.g. your Neptune will switch houses; from 7th to 6th.
 (this is good for your partner's faithfulness).
 Currently Venus enters Orion and Mercury enters Sextans. 

 Orcus on the Western Horizon
 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna /Orcus

 Orcus on the western horizon in Hydra (descendant Hydra)
 means the end of an era. Your old life is descending,
 your new life beginning. Many memories mean recycling.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 Regrets are washed away as new hope is born, like phoenix
 or dragon's egg breaking, producing new wonderful life.

 Imaginary or idealized wife. Private deity. Woman adored as
 goddess. Definitely out of the dark night of the soul.

 The mind is tranquil again, powerful and calm. 
 Purified through pain. (Therefore the fakir). 
 
 Definitely green grass of home plus familiar sanctuary. 
 Getting close to one's PURPOSE as understood in Matrix
 the movie. One's life turning point like perhaps I Ching
 diagram 19 (in the received version). 

 One is purified through pain. Anxiety is banished. 
 Perhaps spiritual help is recieved. Anti-spells and
 exorcism. Power mantras. 

 8. Orcus in the 8th house of the horoscope.
    
    Fertile impregnation. The watersnake. Tiamat raging in War.
    The vampire fertilized. Meditate on the 47.

    Vagina with teeth (various northamerican legends, tibetan
    mandalas). Samsara as devouring entity. Merchandizing.
    Quarrel. Third party intruding. Cutting off heads, punishing,
    cutting off legs. Legal constraint. Bribery? Jack of axe.

    Extreme severity in legislation. The law, the model.
    Making love through the barricades (Spandau Ballet).
    
    The wars are for the intelligent to learn. In war Orcus is
    madness and religious paranoia. Holy wars were announced by
    darkplanet Nemesis-Lamia conjunct Puto, Varuna and of course
    Quaoar. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html

    Schizodarknesseeks religious centre. O5 gives spheremajikal
    geometrical barycentre. Aikido. Keep one point. Concentration. 
    Sex is, after all, one point! Phallic Sun, ejaculaion. The
    birth of a good and religious child. He shall travel.

    World religions apartunited by Lady Babalamia.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

    Sometimes the errors and misconceptions expand to the 8th and
    5th house. It is possible that people have several planets in
    the wrong houses.

    With martial influence: discarding the male after copulation.
    Timing the baby to avert the danger of a deadborn. Extremely
    fast watermonster. Agressive tortoise. A warning by the sea.		
    
 9. Passion. Dissipation. This is not good for the Spirit.
    As they nibble the fruit of my flesh, I feel no pain.
 
    Evil mantras will not have their way. Angelic operation in 
    the deep hells. Devahans under attack. Lord Shiva firing
    his Trisula. Major discreation. Learning the secret of 
    the House of Hell. Intelligence and commando. dr. John
    Dee (agent 007 of H.R.H.) inspecting enochian domains.

    This position is fertile ground for the student. Forget 
    Vitriol 726 and concentrate on the Sound of Victory.
    Left body stirring (but how!). Secret operation. 
    Global manipulation. The Dark Lodges. Our Lady Babalon. 

    Transits to Sedna in the 9th house send people on missions
    far away. Uranus or even Mercury shift the assemblage point
    to the most amazing galaxies yet to be intended. 
   
10. Go for that partner. Climb social steeps. Or let thy weight
    roll downhill, instead of pushing it up. Thelema. Khaled Khan.
    Hydra at the meridian. The zenith of the 28 constellation
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
    zodiac. Holy Marraiage. Alchemical or tantric partnership.
    See also Ixion and Pylenor, as well as Sedna in the 10th
    house. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html

    Salvador Dali was born a month from Liber al Vel Legis.
    He seems to perfectly fit the above definition, at least
    in thelemitic terms. Orcus is M.C. with the Moon.

    Social climber, indeed. The partner is paramount.


11. Legal interference. A disturbance in the Force.
    The waters of the pool stirred?

    This does not seem a bad position at all. 
    There is lot to work and learn and students and masters gat
    along fine. There's willingness to learn. 

    Bad karma is dispelled.

    Dworkin jumps into the card. Projection ascension. Carrying
    one's own body into the astral domain. Taisha Abelar as Dworkin. 
  
    The shore of the Other World (of your unchoice). Second attention
    as programmed by a mural, tarot "card", fixation of (both the)
    first and second attention. The eecomposing algae of the muddy
    shores of Venice (Venexia, Vinissia) north (Fondamenta Nove).
    /vnx/    

12. Love divine. Moksha. True Love. Especially favorable with
    Venus in Cancer. Less favorable with Venus in Hydra, Sextans.
    Chariklo in Crater should be taken into account. The Graal.
    We all have loved you, acolyte (says Lamia-Kundalini-Maya). 
    
    Original illumination. One shuns followers and is himSelf
    begging no advantageous gods. 

    This is what Herman Hesse wrote of. 

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.


 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html

 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 
 Prayers shall be addressed to Holy Mary > The Queen of Omniverse.

 4>57 Yilin transl. Robert Matushan boyler(at)hidden-city.net

 " Troubles are dissolved and worries are removed, with the help of 
 the Queen Mother, participating in happiness all arrive and I can 
 live in peace. "

 Let this Han dynasty verse discreate apprehension ("verso" means
 "I sip" (pour) in italian" and establish the rulership of the good
 Queen of Omniverse om mahalaxmyai namah (Holy Mary for christians).

 The siren voice of senses is thus hushed. Hydra launches kundalini 
 up (and down!) the spine, hardly purified, indeed. When kundalini
 is not pure ( > alt.clearing.O5 ), then

 When the siren cries, we launch p+sitive mantras, rather than just 
 tap our ears! ( And whle inner and outer blend, we can "discreate"
 that voice as inner. Let it be noted that that's a long way from 
 evocation and intercourse with the inorganic. The Lamia event is
 what we call sex with the vampire (to the ultimate detriment of 
 the vampire). Our blood is poison for the lips of the Beast!
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html

 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

    Love will devour everything, it's own vampire including.

 Bad keys:

 47 the vampire, one's life force gulped up by one's personal
 devil or "voladero", the three Lamia or kundalinic watersnakes
 sucking up the young acolyte's sexual energy, oral sex as path 
 to paradisisiac planets (not to moksha), swallowing sperm (as
 in the vedas), kundalini as vampyre, Kali trumphant as killer,
 jealousy, unwillingness to sumbit to good and (perhaps) obvious
 authority, flaming with pride, unable to respect local/native
 customs, lawless, troubled karma, intruding third person, 
 third man, go-beat-win, the devil itself, los volad-eros,
 Kairo in flames, Set and his temporary victory over O5iris, 
 the staff of Set, Nibiru in triumph, warring Marduk, the 
 anrgy 4 archangelstars, lingam flying away on Maha Shivarathri.

 Good keys:

 Waking up with the house on fire, Lucifer as enlightment
 bringer, the good salamander, Jupiter's Great Year and 
 good influence, Great Guardian Angel, love triumphs over
 jealousy, TrueMind triumphs over False Ego, the 4 archangels,
 the essence of heavenly love, illumination through love divine,
 the Sphynx victorious, Saint Marc's winged lion with a sword
 (his second gospel), PAX TIBI MARCE EVANGELISTA MEVS, Thelema,
 Sai Baba, swallows in spring, Lesser Banishing Pentagram Ritual,
 overcoming the distrust of the mob perhaps even obtaining fealty. 
 
 The rightous have no need to fear the Whip of God, since
 it is a friendly Ripple of Change for them! 

 TrueMind triumphs over False Ego. This means the object is
 Moon-friendly, but most likely to be Sun-unfriendly. The Sun
 does not venture into Sextans or Hydra, but the Moon does and
 Venus will "shortly" be there, too (after Orion).
 
 The Moon (Isis) stands for True or Initiated Mind. 
 The Sun of course stands for the devil's install
 or false ego. This is a truism in India as well
 where Shiva is said to be higher than Krishna,
 a lunar deity overriding the solar one, True Mind
 emerging. It is worthless that the Moon is taken for
 the soul's true significator! The Moon can be far
 from the Sun, as it stomps from Sextans to Orion. 
 
 Venus and Orcus in Cancer make a loving pair! 
 This combination seems to be one of the luckiest
 in astrology at large! Cancer stands for the constellation. 
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html 

 A large object has been spotted in a disturbing constellation.
 Hydra is Tiamat and has been rising it's head when important
 occult operations were conducted, such as the writing of the
 Book of Law. This puts us on guard against this object, which
 will, amazingly disclose it's loving side like no Valentine
 Centaur ever did!
 
 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 Since the young reader might not be acquainted with Thelema or
 whatever shumerian monsters, we owe him an explanation. Better,
 here's another example! Lovecraft often threathened with gods
 and forces from old, the ancients, finding their way from sealed
 past tombs into this world. The Necronomicon is said to be one
 such dubious unlocking key for more devils to come in and play.
 The Star Wars fans will know the Sith and Krath, Naga Sadow,
 Freedon Nadd, Ulic Qel-Droma and of course Extar Kun. The Force
 has no dark or bright side as Dao knows neither yin nor yang.
 It is the use of the Force to determine it's color.
 2007 with Venus approaching Hydra's Head through Hydra's 
 demon minister Sextans, with so much Satrun and Regulus
 has already been marked as special. This time we have a
 devilish object influenced by Saturn (Venus translates
 Saturn's energy bumping into 2002 AW197). All luciferian
 implications of Venus are activated as Saturn stands for
 the king (Regulus) of Hell itself, in person, so to say.

 = Visiting the Monsters = 
                            Orcus and Hydra - Tiamut
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 An object larger than Quaoar has been discovered recently.
 This article will require some familiarity with the True
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 Zodiac made of 28 constellations. Those include Hydra, 
 (Tiamat, with it's demons-ministers-sattelites, riding on 
 it's back) Sextans, Crater, Corvus. Since Chariklo is a
 centaur, and so is 2004 CJ39, some knowledge about the
 centaur objects seems welcome. For an early Quaoar delineation 
 use: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar/quaoar.html Important
 objects like 2002 AW197 must be studied, too. One can
 use http://groups.google.com or our own search engines
 to obtain early delineations of any centaur or transneptunian.

 Note that Orcus scratches Hydra's back visiting her monsters.
 This is more like towards a homework for the students, since
 we sometime work on the delineations twogether. Orcus in 
 Sextans, Crater and Corvus is like three plagues if we observe
 the dark side of Orcus, and this object most certainly has it!

 "Visiting the Monsters" can be said to happen roughly every 100 
 years or so. We are risking quite some accuracy at this point, 
 the orbital elements being still updating, but you've got the
 idea. 

 When sitchinian Tiamut is taken for ex planet and her "monsters"
 = ministers are sattelites (e.g. evil Wind), we launch our experimental
 nibiric binary system on the basis of old chinese codes, see also
 Nibiru under http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html ( Enuma Elish ).

 Abouts:
 
 28 Constellation Zodiac http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 Our Newsgroup: news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5 
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 Extrazodiacal Astrology http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 Enuma Elish, Tiamat, Nibiru http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 Valentine Centaur http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/centaurs /2004CJ39
 Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar /quaoar.html
 Transneptunians http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/2003 /tno
 All Objects on http://groups.google.com
 Archives http://www.escribe.com/theory/puck
 Ixion & the Centaurs intro http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 
 Scourge/Whip of God or the Tail of the Devil ? 
 
                                         Orcus Largest KBO

 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 = Orcus a Bat out of Hell = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 The devil, personal or otherwise, has been dubbed "voladero",
 using Carlos Castaneda's firsthand hellish experiences and
 some of our own. This object, more than Quaoar, will resist
 delineation, worse than in the remote case of Varuna, the
 unfathomable object. For Varuna see http://groups.google.com

 When we say man has two minds, we allude to the foreign install
 averagely at the tender age of three being not our mind at all. 
 Compare with "Dark City" and "Matrix" the movies.  
      
 The position of this major transneptunian object in Hydra
 is close to the Ascendant of the Book of Law, Kairo 1904.
 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Let not the word "love" be associated with popular sexual 
 allusion only. Orcus has much thelemitic about it as 
 Love is the Law, but Love under a Strong Will (or, rather, 
 True Will).

 Love is terrifying to everyone. It terrified people who met 
 "angels", like the One who wrestled with the "ally" "at 
 Peniel" (Face of God). (A form of the word "Peniel", in  
 fact determines the angel, as well as the wrestlinground).
 
 This object's totems are the four archangels. Meaning the
 four royal stars of Persia. 

 The main problem with simple interpretation of this 
 "object"-spirit is that it bears both Love Divine and 
 the most terrifying wrath of Satan in it's own lap! 

 With Chariklo and Orcus at the lap-bottom, Venus going
 into a mad loop with Saturn Regulus and kissing 2002 AW197,
 August 2007 seems to be the birthplace of Satan. 
 
 I was tempted to determine the birth time for the "ideal"
 antiChrist, using this new object and perhaps I did the
 work too well. Namely, Venus in it's lowest position and 
 retrograde, heading towards Hydra with a strong ifluence
 from Saturn and Regulus alone "make me wonder". We have
 copious material about "extrazodiacal" Venus on the site
 and http://groups.google.com "Venus+extrazodiacal".
 
 Some will justly conclude that the Devil himself paid us a
 visit (as if he wasn't in our every cradle?). In Orcus
 the absurd but deadly victory of the inorganic pest we call
 the personal devil (voladero) clashes with the triumphing
 True Mind. 

 Love is particullary stressed with Venus (and Orcus) in
 Cancer (the conjunctions in Hydra are interesting, and
 Sextans is yet another remarkable zodiacal constellation,
 rather inclined towards loneliness). 

 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 Abouts:
 
 Enuma Elish, Tiamat, Nibiru http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 Constellation Zodiac http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu
 Valentine Centaur http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/centaurs /2004CJ39
 Quaoar http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/quaoar /quaoar.html
 Transneptunians http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/2003 /tno
 All Objects on http://groups.google.com
 Archives http://www.escribe.com/theory/puck
 Ixion & the Centaurs intro http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/usenet.html
 Our Newsgroup: news://aurora.lightlink.com/alt.clearing.O5 
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 Updates: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus
 Extrazodiacal Astrology http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extra
 
 The label "Aiwass" for the planetoid is provisory, and
 as are this fairly accurate ephemeris by Jon Giorgini
 of NASA JPL, to whom go all our thanks and esteem.
 Please assume the object is still a puzzle as it's
 orbital elements are being determined with progressive
 precision. In the first days of the discovery, it was
 thought a cubewano, then a plutino, and it's relative 
 magnitude is still estimated. As son as the object's 
 orbital elements are esteemed reliable, numerical
 integration is possible for distant dates. Aldo Vitagliano
 and his Solex software use the NASA model to calculate
 dates otherwise not supplied by NASA HORIZONS. 

 Aleister Crowley Orcus

 1875-Sep-20 00:00     288.9969990   8.7303227
 1875-Oct-01 00:00     288.9629561   8.7020916
 1875-Oct-12 00:00     288.9919660   8.6722306
 1875-Oct-23 00:00     289.0843245   8.6425650
 1875-Nov-03 00:00     289.2384987   8.6147722

 The 1600 - 2100 ephemeris are on the site. The files are 
 comparatively large (over 1 Mb). Mail for compressiOM!
 
 Largest discovery after Pluto! http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus 
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html

 Updates on:                   http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 Adenda
 ====== Pallas and Juno have been included. Juno is too small 
        to have any meaning in modern astrology, being dwarfed 
        by too many minor planets, but it retains a historical
        ... charm. Albeit small, Pallas is considerably up the 
        perimeter range. The giant transneptunians have been
        dwarfing the main belters for quite some time now.

 Pallas meets Orcus in Hydra. Pallas wherabouts in short.
 
 = NEAT Pallas = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
      
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 April 1st 2004 Pallas and giant comet NEAT meet in Eridanus
 constellation. Hopefully the river Po in Italy will not flood,
 as Eridanus is that precise river. 

 Pallas leaves Cetus (where it was able to conjunct Moon in Cetus)
 for Eridanus and NEAT, heading towards it's doom in Al Nitak or
 CINGVLA ORIONUS. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu Orion O5IRIS

 Both Eridanus and Orion are operative constellations used in 
 astrology. We don't use just the 28 zodiacal, but all the 88
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 constellations, completing embracing enfolding inspiring and
 overhelming our belowed coocoon astral energy body like an egg
 projecting or being Omniverse itself, as the Eagle presses His
 Intent unto us.

 Those with Aquila ascending (roughly Chiron around the ascendant)
 may have Juno in Scutum (see article) around the ascendant at this
 time.

 The following briefs are meant for the curious progressive
 astrologer that already uses Pallas and Juno in his research.

 Pallas in CINGVLA ORIONIS will be delineated for the inner circle
 of O5IRIS students.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html 

 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 = Ascendental Warning = 

 It is often tricky to determine when an object is on the 
 ascendant, as we have clearly pointed at in the cases of
 some astrologer's charts http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /alan.leo

 While Orcus in Hydra is a normal ascendental position,
 the neighboring example of Chariklo in Crater serves for
 an example in cases when Orcus will visit that constellation.

 When due East ( = the ascendant proper ) is in Virgo ( a
 fairly large constellation ), Crater with Chariklo are
 ascending, too. One may say his due eastern ascendant
 is Virgo, with Chariklo rising in Crater. It seems the
 only way to put it. Thus we treat several ascending
 constellations in some cases, namely the true due 
 eastern constelllation ad the neighboring one.

 In different times different constellations are due
 eastern. Crater was and will be such a constellation
 and it is interesting to note Aries can rise in due
 east roughly in times when Crater does so. The two
 cannot ascend in due east when it comes to our present 
 time. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu for details! 

 *

 The following verses have to do with 28zodiacal astrology. 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 In the case of Pallas meeting Orcus in Hydra, our object
 is directly involved. In other cases it is either in some
 sort of aspect like (large) opposition or it is not involved
 at all. The following are just examples from a broader
 survey on the 28zodiac http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28

 Do astrologers use constelaltions like Ophiucus or Auriga?
 They do! The stars are there! Also: the discoveries are there,
 e.g. Quaoar in Ophiucus. As Quaoar is far from Sagittarius, so
 is Orcus far from Leo. 

 Is there any difference? There is! If your Moon is in Sextans,
 you are prone to discrete aloofness, lonely pursuit, and may
 even be too shy to form a relation (or too ambitious to keep
 it). Moon in sextans people simply work too much, think too
 much and the yellow brick road to hell is paved with golden
 benevolence. Too much of a good thing? Perhaps losing an edge
 is not that bad for concentration. Monasteries may abound with
 Moon in Sextans people. New Year 2004 nativities are bent towards
 any occult pursuit and wil enjoy memorable fish dinners, as their
 Moon is in Cetus. 

 Popular programs like astrolog.org by Walter Pullen can perform
 fairly well in the area of 28zodiacal and extrazodiacal astrology.
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 The function is

 $ astrolog -XF -Xi -Xr -Xm

 You should obtain something like Juno in Scutum and that's 
 28zodiacal astrology proper (albeit the zodiac pertains to
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 the planets, only partially /so-to-say/ to the minor planets.

 Et voila!

 March hares 2004 have Juno in Scutum? Are they mad? 

 = Juno in Scutum = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
      
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 28zodiacal astrology includes Scutum constellation. Being
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 born with Aquila ascending this days means having Juno in
 Scutum in the 12th or 1st house. Never use tropical calculus
 to know which, one, it'll fail. 

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extrazodiacal/scutum

 What is this position about? The evil majikian uses his
 majik mirror and fogs timespace. Especially time. Time
 lapses get less reliable here.

 Marriage gets dull. There's agression ahead of an average
 sullen day. Triangle relationships break up and one finds
 oneself temporarely alone. 

 Allone eternal but constancy does not mean escaping the 
 tooth of time. The practice of time discreation. Intent
 enables teleportation. 
 
 Marriage was determined from the start as if parameters
 won't change. The very institution of marriage is not
 only in crisis: it is unbearable: nothing there for the
 neophyte.

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html 

 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 So if I have Chiron ascending, Juno is in the 12th house in 
 Scutum? Is that getting too exciting? What about some more?
 Beware the serpent's tail, since it is about to hit!

 = Pluto in Serpens Cauda = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist 
      
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html
 
 Let it be noted that, while Pluto is still in Ophiucus at the
 time of the article, it'll move into Serpens Cauda towards 2006
 and it'll be Jupiter rejoicing with Ixion, Quaoar and 2002 MS4
 in Ophiucus at that time. 

 Thus Serpens Cauda is not a fictious invention of some 28zodiacal
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 astronomy, it is a real planetary position (while Pluto is still a
 planet). While a bunch of astronomers (rare fellows) will agree on
 a 28 constellation zodiac, we have found convenient to split Serpens
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 into it's two halves, thus we have Pluto in Serpens Caput (Alpha
 Serpentis!) and Pluto in Serpens Cauda, the mild version of the
 evil star conjunction. 

 Search http://groups.google.com for delineations. See also data base
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/extrazodiacal 

 People will be born with several planets in Ophiucus, which in fact
 is not rare at all, Ophiucus being a large zodiacal constellation. 
 What _is_ rare is to have a planet in Scorpius. The narrow stripe of
 zodiacal Scorpius with it's Antares star (and archangel) allows for
 an extremely brief sojourn of any planet. The Sun may spend from 6
 to 7 days in that constellation, making Scorpius nativities extremely
 rare. People are of course made to believe they're born in this or that 
 "sign" by people who'll never know their own Sun's position. That is
 only the dawning of the age of error, as we have people running around
 with positions erroneous by two houses or two "signs", believing one
 is a "Scorpio". Myself born Nov 28 have Sun conjunct Antares and am
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/28 28zodiac = True Astronomical Zodiac
 qualified as true Scorpius. But how many of you can claim that position?

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/ng.html 

 O5 Initiations, Astrological Services, I Ching Consultation
 http://neodruid.tk / http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Bonus
 =====

 It seems we have Usama bin Liden here again. After we have
 discovered his (very very probable, indeed) natal Moon is
 conjunct Xi2 Orionis (the Moon approaches this part of Orion
 at the time of the WTC tragedy), now it seems this very Moon
 conjuncts Orcus "under the auspices of Orion, the hunter".

 Orion is much more, even O5IRIS: http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu

Sedna   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7
2003VB12   531.657634 0.857434  11.9304 144.4929 311.8271 53200.5 357.8815  1.7
Cruithne    0.99764 .514819  19.8114 126.4230  43.6000 48200.5 285.4393 15.0
2004CJ39    12.952050 0.477604   3.5772 334.9720 133.6604 53040.5   5.4183 14.0
Orcus      39.473609 0.217911  20.5553 268.5371  73.3331 53200.5 157.5394  2.4
Quaoar      43.190771 0.035717   7.9905 188.8941 162.6650 52600.5 263.5175  2.6
2002TX300   43.247399 0.121076  25.8982 324.7033 340.8429 52600.5  55.3912  3.1
2002AW197   47.514918 0.127919  24.3056 297.4198 292.9571 52600.5 279.4183  3.2
Ixion       39.343359 0.243810  19.6720  71.0181 300.7697 52600.5 260.4692  3.2
Vesta       2.36068 .090560   7.1389 104.0147 149.9859 48200.5 152.1895     3.2 Vesta
Ceres       2.766412 0.079116  10.5835  80.4863  73.9844 52400.5 189.2752  3.34
2002TC302  122.272803 0.770739  35.6684  23.9696 277.5245 52560.5  10.9689  3.4
2002UX25    42.775016 0.145089  19.4311 204.6350 276.7125 52600.5 279.2503  3.3
Varuna       43.271856 0.052987  17.1294  97.2854 275.2209 52600.5  83.8067  3.7
2003VS2    39.484921 0.077294 14.7767 302.8610 114.1950 53000.5 358.0593 3.9
2003AZ84    45.193412 0.000000  12.8019 249.5290 218.2038 52640.5   0.0000  4.0
2002MS4    44.862516 0.047481 17.6133 215.7807 229.3647 52460.5 180.0889 4.1
Pallas      2.773483 0.229937  34.8425 173.1716 310.3944 52400.5 175.4143  4.13
Hylonome    24.9497460 .2439515  4.15083 178.23900   6.40615 50600.5   5.81738  9.0
Chariklo    15.774616 0.171042  23.3793 300.4245 241.4052 51800.5 341.4631  6.4
Chiron      13.620963 0.380997   6.9369 209.3271 339.0985 52600.5  48.6288  6.5
Nessus      24.6471691 .5202089 15.64988  31.37071 170.70375 50600.5  15.61413  9.6
Pholus      20.293350 0.573458  24.7014 119.2623 354.6662 52000.5  37.4805  7.0
Asbolus     17.938026 0.618965  17.6388   6.1062 290.3220 51800.5 351.1203  9.0
1994TA      16.8278941 .3037028  5.39654 137.61909 154.55257 50600.5  66.13374 11.5
Pelion      20.011721 0.135286   9.3779 127.1688 154.4401 52000.5  33.0009 10.3
Okyrhoe     8.418944 0.307817  15.6245 173.2011 337.5385 52000.5 259.5288 11.3
Cyllarus    26.403801 0.382563  12.6156  51.9577 301.8605 52000.5  30.3064  9.3
Elatus      12.814262 0.417323   5.6164  87.3246 289.4474 52000.5  18.0695 10.1
Thereus     10.637199 0.197835  20.3520 205.3159  86.8955 52200.5  27.4161  9.0
2003VS2     39.482477 0.077250  14.7767 302.8613 114.2023 53000.5 358.0528  4.2
2003WL7     26.058108 0.502851  10.8188   4.0230  85.9021 53000.5 339.1613  9.2
2003WU172   39.429742 0.218540   4.1330  10.1316  57.0239 52960.5 359.9831  6.8
2003WQ188   46.230682 0.000000   5.3917  35.5887  59.7304 52960.5   0.0000  6.3
2003WS188   39.327951 0.237192   5.7663 340.6726 102.9952 52960.5 359.9870  9.0
2003WU188   43.190357 0.000000   3.8402  84.1911   7.4085 52980.5   0.0694  5.8
2003UY117   39.206281 0.145739   7.8579 259.6924 115.7083 52940.5   0.0241  6.2
2003UZ117   44.519452 0.107550  27.2050 204.4647 200.2300 52940.5   0.0128  5.6
2003UA118   10.939155 0.304975   4.0786 256.2594 273.5654 52940.5 232.6047 10.7
2003UA118   10.939155 0.304975   4.0786 256.2594 273.5654 52940.5 232.6047 10.7
2003UN284   44.307823 0.044879   3.0541  35.9179  18.1626 52940.5   0.0129  7.3
2003VS2     39.485241 0.077302  14.7767 302.8610 114.2008 53000.5 358.0544  3.9
2003WL7     27.038660 0.525289  10.7637   3.9090  86.1351 53000.5 340.5625  9.2
2003UA118   10.939155 0.304975   4.0786 256.2594 273.5654 52940.5 232.6047 10.7
2003UA118   10.939155 0.304975   4.0786 256.2594 273.5654 52940.5 232.6047 10.7
2003VS2     39.484921 0.077294  14.7767 302.8610 114.1950 53000.5 358.0593  3.9
1992QB1     43.932720 0.068911   2.1940 359.4691   5.3479 52600.5   8.2991  7.2
2003QA91    45.087082 0.000000   2.4100 104.5852 221.0398 52880.5   0.0651  5.1
2003QW90    43.291504 0.032488  10.3642  17.7643 193.2803 53000.5 146.0918  4.5
2003QM91    45.509301 0.090425   3.0541   8.0079 344.0068 52860.5 359.9482  4.2
2003QY90    44.688904 0.000000   3.7429 103.8509 220.4410 52880.5   0.0660  5.2
2003QA112   46.575885 0.000000  15.0557   1.9458 339.9875 52880.5   0.0093  5.6
2003SQ222    1.505586 0.518751   3.5627   4.5762 280.7092 53000.5  75.1908 30.1
1992QB1     43.932720 0.068911   2.1940 359.4691   5.3479 52600.5   8.2991  7.2

 /*/ Students will check the meridian of such a nativity, proclaiming
     it's auspices holy, relieving, perspicacious, furthering, eternal,
     productive, expanding, banishing anxieties.

     Let us not forget our 4th moon, too. There's megabytes of this on
     the site. http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/enter1.html


  Being in Venice is not like being in .it sometimes, as
  japanese abound. This should not mess up sound astrology.

 Ad Sedna in 12th
 ================

  
 = Aquatic his Horns = :::|:| Zhouyi http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia/unihipili

 The Mawangdui manuscript Zhouyi translation by professor 
 Edward L. Shaughnessy is perused with the author's kind
 permission. Edward L. Shaughnesy: "I Ching the Classic of 
 Changes", Ballantine Books, New York; ISBN: 0-345-42112-4
 
 October 25th 2003, 04:18 a.m. (02:18) UT Oracle consultation.

 Early in the morning I resolve to go to Venice. The omen seems
 favorable, being "Aquas" :::|:| or more precisely "Aquatic his 
 Horns". Perhaps the gondola is seen as two horns emerging from
 the aquas (waters?) I mumble and set forth with Orion at the
 meridian in the clear night skies. 

 Upon arrival at Canareggio I notice there's "aqua alta", the 
 waters are high, slightly overflowing the "fondamenta" here and
 there. So it's "aquas", I exclaim! 

 On Fondamenta de la Misericordia /1/ I notice a grasshopper apparently
 approaching the flooded :|::|| little staircase from his improvised
 white boat, tossed and turned by the passing boats and a kayak (sic!).

 This insect can of course fly, but it's wings are wet and it's drying
 in the sun. It needs perhaps 15 minutes to dry and fly off, but the
 passing traffic seems to contribute to his wet state in the sun. I
 imerse into a most thrilling series of photographs, regretting a
 500 mm lens. I was a target myself, since I lain down, run jumping
 on the barge, adopted the craziest poses during the session; oh well,
 I've done scandal in that area already, once with my hair _in_ the channel. 

 The alchemical allegory above us show the Sun and the Moon, dry and wet. 

 As I was finally able to draw the poor insect to safe shores :|::|| I
 discover with amazement that it has no hurry leaving. we have become
 friends. It has let me come near, touch it, play with it and shoot
 from half an inch distance /2/. It is prhaps about noon when I have
 (!) the enlightment: "Aquatic his horns"; the antenae of the insect!

 The wet fellow received a grass-hopping niche by the Misericordia
 building, below it's alchemical reliefs /1/. The insect won't let 
 (me) go at first, then while checking his safety, I laugh at his
 manouvre: he returned to the safety of his improvised boat! Are
 we not like this insect ourselves? If a log would save us from 
 the flood, would not this arc be an object of veneration? The
 hero of this story probably floated from the vegetable shop
 near by /1/, in meticullous reconstruction of the event. A
 "centaurean astrology" /4/ analysis with sabian symbols would
 that I have in fact contacted an undine, a water sprite. Aquatic
 are her horns? But do I see them? Alchemy, flow, horns, and
 now we have T'ai Hsuean Ching and I Ching speaking astral language
 instead of just plain physical observable objects? 

 The line ::|:| in the midst of aquatic dangers is :|: as Edward L.
 Shaughnessy's mysterious translation /5/ mentions a "mole-cricket".
 Now that's too near a guess to what actually happened. I guess no one
 had ever such a model in Venice /6/ as the photos clearly show.

 Unihipili is the grasshopper of kahuuna lore. True Mind is a little
 thing, generally dominated by the default mind. Cities are the same,
 just skycreepers nowdays, minds are more or less default. Defaulters
 go around consuming default. Only True Mind saves from the flood.

 Another floating animal met me at 1 p.m. /7/. A certain Mustafa from
 Milano insisted upon a gift: a little tortoise! We knew each other one
 minute. I divined /8/ receiving :|::|| (one moving line, third) :||:||
 and knew I am in the presence of True Mind again! The man has no evil!

 Now how do I write it for him? The pencil and paper was provided by the 
 chinese (sic!) shop /9/ where I distributed so much protection signs and
 talismans (of course chinese). Seeing a chinese girl smile is heavens!

 Aquatic are his horns. After 30 years of I Ching I am finally able to
 expand through a wonderfully valuable translation, more akin to Derek
 Walters' T'ai Hsuean Ching translation than to anything else I know.

 Professor Shaughnessy of the University of Chicago uses the italian
 word Aqua, water, the old latin root. The choice of words and accuracy
 of this first translation of the Mawangdui texts is amazing. It differs
 immensely from the chinese version (Shandong Publishing). 

 The hexagram changes into :::|:: as I meet the music man playing Vivaldi
 on a set of perhaps 30 water (aquas) filled glasses. Aquatic his horns,
 too? This piano student and Mustafa were not digitalized since my modest
 supply of megabytes finished with the majikal insect. 

 Klaudio Zic

 /1/ The maps and photos are peripatetically uploaded to 
      
     http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia/unihipili

 /2/ Regretting a macro lens this time. I'm really _using_ stuff, which
     results in rapid aging of any device. The digi does not look like
     something that shoots at all, but so didn't my first I Ching book
     (by Blofeld) /3/.

 /3/ Still extant. All pages have different worn out shapes, closer to
     a tortoise shape than to an ellipse; but no page is square, such 
     was the amount of it's use in the seventies! Perhaps 30 types of
     adhesion tapes were used to at least try and make it look like a 
     book, so the object retains some modern art installation outlook. 
 
 /4/ Centaur BU48, not far from Jupiter in Leo constellation. 
 
 /5/ At this time I still did not mail the professor for an explanation
     of "mole-cricket". 

 /6/ That a pigeon let me come as near as an inch I do not take for a
     supernatural phenomemon. The photos are online among the Murano
     scenes, San Donato bridge. 

 /7/ 13:10 (11:10 UT), but the event took place roughly 12:57?
     Vertex adjusting for natal ascendant, the time is right.

 /8/ Divination takes a second with my special yellow die. 
     http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu/books Mustafa did not notice I
     was divining at all!

 /9/ In the city of Marco Polo, the chinese are "locals".
     They speak venetkian better than myself. Ciao, Li!

 The Mawangdui manuscript Zhouyi translation 
 is (C) Copyright 1996 Edward L. Shaughnessy
 
 The body text, except the Zhuoi citations are
 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /venexia /unihipili
 
---
The Mawangdui manuscript Zhouyi translation by professor 
Edward L. Shaughnessy is perused with the author's kind
permission. Edward L. Shaughnesy: "I Ching the Classic of 
Changes", Ballantine Books, New York; ISBN: 0-345-42112-4

 THC and Zhouyi Notes:

 T'ai Hsuean Ching has 

 ________
 __ __ __
 __ __ __
 ________

 "Water overflowing." Mentioning a "bright and glorious river", 
 wasted thin in the place where I stood. 

 I Ching 35/16 12 31/45 4/7 (reseived text numeration).
 From your next reading and work in progress I Ching Encoded Horoscope 
 and EXTRAzodiacal astrology. Mailing list, newsgroup http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 Give your planets the right to be where they REALLY are!

 Upcoming = Books by Klaudio Zic = http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist
 
 I CHING ASPECTARIAN 
 
 This book treats the I Ching trigrams as planets, affording for
 a vast interplay of modern astrology and ancient chinese wisdom.
 
 I Ching as an Astrological Manual in natal, as well as progressed 
 (directed) and horary astrology aspects.
 
 Enhance your present I Ching experience, as well as astrological
 knowledge, producing comprehensive predictions for your clients!

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist
 
 
 
 EXTRAZODIACAL ASTROLOGY

 Stay fascinated with your TRUE NATAL PLANETARY POSITIONS! You
 might have Hydra ascending with Moon in Sextans or Sun conjunct
 Mercury in Ophiucus and you never knew it! 
 
 We probably reinvented EXTRAzodiacal astrology, remaining the only
 known source of this wonderful holistic science. Your planets are
 finally treated in the position they actually were at the moment
 of your birth, taking one major step forward from the standard vedic
 or sidereal approximations. You'll have Sun in Ophiucus, Pluto in
 Coma Berenices, Moon in Cetus, Venus in Hydra, Mercury in Sextans
 and your progressions will never be the same, since we're using
 the extrazodiacal progressions in real astronomical format to 
 predict events overlooked by other astrologies.
 
 Your planets have their right to be observed in the constellation 
 they happened to be in! NASA JPL is in Pasadena, CA (not in China) 
 and Pluto is presently in Ophiucus (and it can _never_ be in Aries 
 or Pisces!) as Mercury is in Sextans and the Moon in Cetus. 
 
 A complete revision of the astrological system from resurfaced
 egyptian and mayan astrology to the latest NASA borne transneptunians 
 and centaurs. 

 Give your planets the right to be where they REALLY are!

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 
 
 I CHING AND THE 360 DEGREES

 A must for every I Ching student! I Ching is finally integrated
 within modern western astrology, degree by degree, moving line
 by moving line. Examples show the interplay of I Ching moving
 lines, the Sabian symbols and even such occult workings as Franz
 Bardon's system. A beginner's guide to I Ching Encoded Horoscopes 
 is included with examples like the NYSE, U.S.A., Bill Gates, president 
 Bush and Usama bin Liden. Many useful hints for the advanced astrologer!

 Assign an I Ching moving line to the degree of your horoscope,
 as well as progressed positions of the planets. Stay compatible
 with the Sabian symbols and other systems like Franz Bardon's.

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist
 
 
 
 CENTAURS AND TRANSNEPTUNIANS

 From the author of the early delineations of Quaoar, Varuna and
 Ixion. We delineated the centaur and transneptunian objects before
 they were named! Transneptunian astrology has made it's giant steps
 since 1992, while heading towards it's supremacy in determining the
 future of the planet. Discover what the largest asteroid, Quaoar,
 has to say about your love life, finantial affairs and majikal karma.

 Early, premier and unique delineations of the major giant
 transneptunian objects Quaoar (2002 TX300, 2002 AW197), Ixion,
 Varuna, Chaos and others (such as Varuna sized 2003 QW90).

 Delineations of the centaurs such as immortality centaur
 1994 TA, Nessus, Pholus, Asbolus (the magus), Chariklo,
 Hylonome, Thereus, 2003 CO1, Cyllarus, Chiron and others.

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist
 
 
 
 FUTURECHANGER

 This book and initiation will rattle you! What good is to know the
 future if you can't change it? And the news is you can! With O5.

 Learn how to CREATE EVENTS, instead of just divining them. The
 times when you went passively through life's transits is past!

 Never has such a simple method enabled man to master his own
 life, while changing the course of events to his own advantage.

 Once one knows one's future in details with perfect timing, one
 is in the positiong to CHANGE IT. Change the future to fit your
 PURPOSE. Don't accept a future you don't need. Have more futures
 than one! Play with the choices! Accept more missions! Use God's
 time to serve better and enjoy the multiplied feedback. TIME is
 not for losers. Compress time. Use time in the most eficacious
 way. Optimize the USE OF TIME ahead of an event. DISCREATE an
 event (perhaps a really "bad" transit) BEFORE it ever happens!
 "And my ugly futurities were my own invention!" as the song says. 

 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist
 
 
 
 I CHING TREE OF LIFE

 ||::|| Morgan la Fay vibrates in Yesod while Kevin the Bard
 abides in ||:|:: Hod. Place your dreams on the Tree of Life 
 enjoying the austerely clear I Ching symbols. A comprehensive
 guide to I Ching Encoded Trees of Life. 
 
 As already published in 1996 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/t8 the 
 I Ching Tree of Life is an original concept in use by enochian
 occultists and students of the Kabbalah. The centaur objects 
 are like dark archangels connecting the planetary gods. The
 Tree of Life expands not only through I Ching diagrams, but 
 also through new giant transneptunain discoveries and cisuranian
 centaurs and comets, dramatically enriching your kabbalistic
 experience. A new Tree is growing and it's in your Garden!
 
 (C) 2003 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. t8@ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist

 /vnx/ De drio del arsenal, anca a San Alvise. Bea laguna 
       nostra anca quando sporca e sensa scoasere spasial.



 Oprah Winfrey
 ============= by http://neodruid.tk OM SAI RAM

 Orcus - Purification through Pain - Mental Fakir - Shirdi Baba

 Your Correct Horoscope = Your Correct Future = Astronomical Astrology

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all. rights. reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/iau/oprah /nu /28 /extra /pcs /o5

 Ceres is by 1 degree in the 9th house, at the meridian: broadsowing. 

 Orcus sets at 04:29 precisely at the time of birth. 
 
 This puts Orcus exactly on her western horizon, e.g. 7th house cusp. 

 Orcus is in Orion. The position is near the Moon's position at WTC
 time (Xi1 Xi2 stars). Here Osiris ( = Orion ) wields the staff (WTC)
 of power. This is a painful position for the States (for masonic 
 reasons not discussed here). 

 The eastern ascendant horizon is Aquila, the all-american
 constellation. We had recently IHVH, Jung (Adler = Eagle)
 and others with this strong ascendant. Oprah is therefore
 undergoing a JUNO IN SCUTUM (see article) - Juno in Aquila
 TRANSIT: her marriage status is being reflected by Juno's 
 mirror. Mirror mirror on the wall am I the queen of me all.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /Orcus (Orcus delineation)

 The western horizon is of course A'aDN or ODN (Eden) paradise
 in many a shamanism ,as well as alter ego, doomed partner, the
 devil, oppponent and alike. Oprah's western horizon discusses
 the Stargate (Milky Way, Orion). 

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/stargate

 It is around this Stargates that the mayan civilisation was
 able to predict important precessions, e.g. the upcoming 2012.

 Oprah has precisely the already widely delineated Orcus on the
 western horizon position; here's a brief:

<<Imaginary or idealized wife. Private deity. Woman adored as
 goddess. Definitely out of the dark night of the soul.

 The mind is tranquil again, powerful and calm. 
 Purified through pain. (Therefore the fakir). 
 
 Definitely green grass of home plus familiar sanctuary. 
 Getting close to one's PURPOSE as understood in Matrix
 the movie. One's life turning point like perhaps I Ching
 diagram 19 (in the received version). 

 One is purified through pain. Anxiety is banished. 
 Perhaps spiritual help is recieved. Anti-spells and
 exorcism. Power mantras.>> 


 ---
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all. rights. reserved. http://neodruid.tk

 From "Orcus in houses": 

 Technically we have Orcus in 6th, but let us consider
 both 6th and 7th, as well as the western horizon position.

 6. Queen Mother. Mother Mary!

    Indulgence. Love all serve all. Devour all?

    The apparition of Mother Mary. Vision of deity.
    Possibly genuine vision!

    Stoopig dragon? Satan bowing to the Redeemer?

    Artemides gave herself to All (Pan)
    and thus remained Virgin.

    The whore (serve all). Scarlet Lady.

    "Our Lady Babalon".

    A harlot will learn. 

    To banish (discreate), use sibiline verse addressed to Holy
    Queen Mother as given below.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

    Black Majik or new banishing rituals with Mars.

Exorcism (see also 7th house and western horizon).  
 
    Artemis gave herself to All (Pan)
    and thus remained Virgin.

    One girl for lifetime is all girls for lifetime.
    The relative choices of bigamy, poligamy or monogamy.

    Sri Satya Sai Baba. Love all serve all.

    Help ever hurt never.

 7. Excellent for marriage. Note that we use the western horizon
    instead of tropical astrology descendant. See our correction
    of Rudhyar and Leo http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/nu /alan.leo /dane.rudhyar

    The wife as best enemy of the devil inside. Shy hermit is not
    Christ in hiding? Magdalen the Savior. Ciesa dea Madalena 
    http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/venexia Piglet saving the Tiger.
    Invisible wife's allies, familiaries, the fallen, meek shall
    florish. Non-persons. An inorganic wife (dwarfish or orkish
    rather than undine).

    The partner as challenge. Holy Mary. The angerl of the western
    window. Exorcism. Holy Mary as savior of souls. The great battle
    of the evil and good forces in the nigh sky after dusk.

   The green grass of home. Familiar church and altar. Uranian
   majik. Descending into (trans)uranian hells. Facing one's
   alter-ego. The soothing and relevant proximity of a sanctuary.

 Towards the end of the crisis of the soul. Exorcism because the
 objects above the western horizon exit the hells introduced by  
 PORTA INFERNA (the second house). The underworld is of course
 the 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th and 6th house. The 6th house is the one
 of ritual majik, exorcism and Holy Mary.    

 Sedna's dolphins entwined are quite the opposite to the triurne 
 Lamia of Orcus. Aloof Sedna has much love, but Orcus is a
 dangerous siren. Luckily for the thick skinned magus, Orcus
 will bite only to die from the poisonous magician's blood.

    Be extra careful with 6th and 7th house planets, as well as
    1st and 7th house placements as most astrological programs
    mistake the real positions, assuming the Sun rises in Due East.
    E.g. many of you have Neptune in 6th and not in 7th as the program
    shows. This is due to southern latutude and due western horizon.

 
 IAU Compatible Astrology

 An extended comment on Orcus on the western horizon
 in Hydra constellation (descending).

 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all rights reserved. 

 IAU Compatible Astronomical Astrology
 is free of gross errors in house and planet placement.
 So e.g. your Neptune will switch houses; from 7th to 6th.
 (this is good for your partner's faithfulness).
 Currently Venus enters Orion and Mercury enters Sextans. 

 Orcus on the Western Horizon
 
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/sedna /Orcus

 Orcus on the western horizon in Hydra (descendant Hydra)
 means the end of an era. Your old life is descending,
 your new life beginning. Many memories mean recycling.

 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist/Orcus

 Regrets are washed away as new hope is born, like phoenix
 or dragon's egg breaking, producing new wonderful life.

 Imaginary or idealized wife. Private deity. Woman adored as
 goddess. Definitely out of the dark night of the soul.

 The mind is tranquil again, powerful and calm. 
 Purified through pain. (Therefore the fakir). 
 
 Definitely green grass of home plus familiar sanctuary. 
 Getting close to one's PURPOSE as understood in Matrix
 the movie. One's life turning point like perhaps I Ching
 diagram 19 (in the received version). 

 One is purified through pain. Anxiety is banished. 
 Perhaps spiritual help is recieved. Anti-spells and
 exorcism. Power mantras. 


 ---
 (C) 2004 Klaudio Zic, all. rights. reserved. http://neodruid.tk
 http://ghettobox.dhs.org/pucklist /iau /nu /28 /extra /pcs /o5

 For cubewano, plutino and centaurs delineations check:
 http://groups.google.com a few hours (or days) after discovery. 

